First of all, let me say that this forum has to be one of the biggest wastes of space in the history of the internet (and I only have stumbled upon it by word of mouth). The sheer number of negative responses that emanate from this place just reassures me of the time we live in: The nation's unemployment rate increased to 5.8 percent in February and companies across the economy slashed 308,000 jobs the steepest one-month slide since hiring hit a slump in the wake of the 2001 terrorist attacks. Too many bitter and unemployed Americans are sitting around with too much time to spend brewing about why they elected a president who s essentially made their livelihood disappear. Even the Labor Department's Bureau of Labor Statistics said the February numbers reflected widespread declines in jobs - particularly in the manufacturing, construction, retail-trade, services and transportation industries. Manufacturing, construction, retail and transportation some of the only employment opportunities offered in the states that voted Republican. Hell, I d be pissed off too, had I voted for Bush. But why bash Baldwin? Because he s a Democrat? Because he s still employed and chances are that you re not? Yeah, sure, let s bash him because he doesn't agree with war in Iraq. Proof? Why have proof? We got the guns, we can t find Osama, so let s take our supporters mind s off the fact that we can t find the man who forever changed our country and go start Dad s war. Again. Right? Even Ari Fleischer acknowledged that the prospect of war has slowed down the economy. I admire Mr. Baldwin for his loyalty to his country and his persistence in hoping it remains the best place for his family and friends to live. I admire him for his determination and his perseverance - and the way he focuses attention on the things that matter most - namely, the concerns facing the USA in our troubled time. We all sit here, writing our comments, hiding behind screen names and phony monikers. It's easy to do when you don't have to worry about your views being broadcast on Entertainment Tonight. For someone to have the balls to stand up for what they honor and cherish, and do so, knowing that their voice will carry across many mediums - and to not fear repercussion or negativity when doing so? I think that takes a pretty honorable person. The world needs more people like Alec Baldwin.