Proof that the more things change the more they stay the same. Every generation seems to have a completely decadent and well-known representative of how low humanity can sink. Marlene Dietrich served well in that role for my grandparent s generation. Couldn t sing, couldn t act, obsessed with herself, hard-featured and perverse. And, just like one of her most successful later imitations, Madonna, her biggest talent was selling herself as much more than she actually was. After seeing her seedy life story unfold in a television biography recently, it occurred to me that her only completely lucid thought might have occurred when she realized early on that Hitler was the premier creep of the 20th century. I guess that doesn t really seem too difficult to believe when you consider that depravity generally has no problem recognizing depravity. 'REVIEW UPDATE FOR thekettleblack' Since I'm the only one on this page who wrote a negative review I assume you are referring to what I said about Dietrich in your recent comments here. I don t even remember mentioning this woman s sexuality (unless you were confusing it with the words perverse or depraved - understandable but not exactly my original meanings). Since you did bring this up, I feel compelled to add these few thoughts to my review. To tell you the honest truth - I couldn't care less about the sex or even the species this woman fancied. Based on what I have read and seen in bios about her, I just think she was a low life in general and an especially hideous mother BTW - the details of which are not fit to be printed here but are printed elsewhere if you re interested. From my point of view, she was also such an amazingly bad actress she was practically a cartoon character. Her lack of discernment as to who she slept with may have been her strong suit as far as her career went though as the casting couch MUST have played some part in any opportunity she received to show off just how little real talent she had. And by this, I mean acting ability that doesn t rely on the juvenile shock of sexual ambiguity and a singing voice that doesn t sound like the mating call of a north woods moose. I do thank her for one thing her goofy persona provided some great fodder for Madeline Kahn s character in Blazing Saddles . But that's just my opinion and all others are certainly entitled to theirs. No flames intended; just wanted to set the record straight on exactly why I have never been able to take her seriously. It s pretty simple, but it does go way beyond her multi-faceted sexuality. 