www.im-ur.com I KNOW what women WANT IT'S Russell Crowe as Jeffrey Wigand, Maximus, and Terry Thorne! By Gail Darlene Bongiovi On screen, the ruggedly handsome New Zealand-born actor Russell Crowe embodies a raw machismo; the classic notion of a man's man and my idea of What Women Want. The high-minded characters he portrays, with his physical virility and take-charge voice, all engender a heroic male ideal. Scarce in today's culture, this daring male archetype has almost been snuffed out by the impact of the Feminist Movement. For decades, the macho type of man has been systematically emasculated, replaced by a wimpy, Alan Alda version of masculinity. Enter Russell Crowe to change all that. Salon.com defined Crowe's on-screen version of macho magic: It's his constant potential for righteous fury, mischief, and unexpected sensitivity, that makes him so magnetic. No argument here I found his portrayal of three gutsy men in The Insider, Gladiator, and Proof of Life to be mesmerizing. He adeptly mingled the traditional attributes of the chivalrous nobleman with those of the hard-as-nails macho man. Adding his dash of masculine sentiment, I witnessed a no-nonsense man who lived by a moral set of values without behaving like an overly-sensitive wuss. Russell Crowe depicts my concept of a real man. As whistleblower Jeffrey Wigand in The Insider, Crowe's character was noble and courageous as he exposed the tobacco industry's chemical manipulation of nicotine. Wigand chose the ethical high road by bringing to light the powerful industry's sneaky methods for increasing nicotine's potency. Undaunted by the consequences of his far-reaching decision, Wigand risked everything. I was captivated by his stalwart bravery. In Gladiator, Crowe was the fiercely courageous Maximus, the unbeatable Roman general-turned-gladiator. With valor, he honored the revered emperor Marcus Aurelius, whose dying wish was for Maximus, (not his own son Commodus), to become the next Roman emperor. At the same time, Maximus avenged the murder of his wife and son. With morally-justified anger, he earned love and loyalty from his troops and achieved victory on the battlefield. He valiantly fought for the honor and glory of the Roman Empire and became a genuine champion of the people. From a female standpoint, Maximus was simply irresistible. In Proof of Life, Crowe played hostage negotiator Terry Thorne. Oozing machismo, Thorne risked his life to save the kidnapped husband of Alice, the woman with whom he fell in love. Conflicted by his professional code of conduct and his newfound love for a married woman, Mr. Macho Man defaulted to his virtuous character. Incorruptible, he kept his healthy supply of testosterone in check; he restrained his libido. He chose not to cross the line into adultery, venturing no further than to tenderly kiss Alice goodbye, seconds before braving dangers to rescue her husband. His kiss convincingly conveyed, Although I find you quite attractive and I care about you, it would be dishonorable for me to pursue a relationship. You are married to the man it is my duty to rescue. I must resist my desires and bring your husband home. Because of the virtues he championed during this brief embrace, I all but stopped breathing. The Kiss communicated so much more than any sex scene could have. A Crowe internet fan club member summed up its impact: The kiss alone was worth the price of admission! Be still my beating heart. In all three movies, Crowe's he-man presence burned with an alluring combination of intensity and sexuality. Depicting the impassioned values of his characters with his rugged good looks made for a provocative mix. Frankly, I am grateful his characters never depicted the all-too-common, sexually-weak man who is easily beguiled by the machinations of female seduction. As a result, his characters were able to play by their own rules and thus, maintain a unique and intriguing sensuality. Like Mel Gibson's clairvoyant character in the movie What Women Want, if Russell Crowe, as Jeffrey Wigand, Maximus, or Terry Thorne, could read my innermost thoughts, he would learn what this woman wants; to respect, to adore, to be protected by this male ideal. Feminism be damned! In our wimpy Alan Alda -saturated society, I long for Crowe's unadulterated machismo. Copyright 2001 