humphrey bogart is an unbelievable actor. He is the ultimate representation of cynicism in film characters. Like in his line from Casablanca I stick my neck out for nobody. Bogie would be the anti-thesis to my favorite actor Jimmy Stewert whose characters are well trusted and loved while his are hated and not trusting. His works in the 1930's were good when he was playing bad guys and the second banana characters to Bette Davis, James Cagney, and Edward G. Robinson in films like Dead End, Angel's with Dirty Faces, Dark Victory, Petrified Forrest, and Bullets on Barrots, but it wasn't until the 1940's when he was reaching middle-age Warner Brothers started to make him the top-billed actor in his films did he become the legend that he is and get the acclaim and roles that he deserved. His works in the 1940's are maybe the greatest decade any actor has had and the stuff that dreams are made of and his stuff from the 1950's aren't too shabby either. His best works from the 40's are High Sierra, the Maltese Falcon (one of the first film noir), Casablanca, To have, and have not, the big sleep, dark passage, key largo, and the treasure of the sierra madre. Casablanca is overrated but rightfully so because it was the first film where Bogey shows a soft and romantic side of himself with Ingrid Bergman not seen in his earlier films. It's his films with real life wife Lauren Bacall that brings out the best of him in To have, and have not, dark passage, big sleep and key largo. His 50's films that are notable is his oscar winning performance with kate hepburn in African Queen, In a lonely place, barefoot contessa, the caine mutiny, battle circus we're no angels and his lead role in Sabrina (although he truly did not click with Audrey Hepburn) Bogie along with Stewert, and Robert Mitchum were very natural actors in their films perhaps that's why they get criticized for having the same character. Bogies characters in his films were as real as he was he did tough gangster films, and became more dramatic, and romantic and eventually could do some comedy. Bogie is the whole package and the stuff that dreams are made of 