I think John Travolta is one of the best actors around!!! :) I used to absolutely adore him! I was probally one of his biggest fans back then. Well...anyway.....John Travolta can play any type of role and that is what makes his soooo GREAT! He can sing, be funny, be serious, be sad, be a bad guy, OHHH he can do anything! He was extrordinary in Grease! He made it one of the BEST movies of all time!!!! Saturday Night Fever 1 and 2 were great...and still today for Holloween, Costume Parties, commercials, movies, and basically anything all want to be in the White suit that Mr. Johnny wore! Get Shorty went over well...and so did that movie when he was really in the Soviet Union or something...I can't remember the name, but it was really cute! :) Urban Cowboy was definetly one of the greatest movies of all time!!! He was soo great!OH and cute... Phenomenon was also very well done...I remember when I went to go see that in the movie I couldn't stop crying at the end.....:( I loved Michael....He was the cutest angel I have ever saw...It was soo funni when he started walkin down the stairs in his undies.....hehe......I also Liked him in the Look Who's talking movies...those were great!!!! Face OFF was great!!!!! That was absolutely 1 of my favorite movies w/ him! Broken Arrow was great toooooo!!!1 All of his movies are great!!! He has made soo many I can't even think of em all...Oh there was Pulp Fiction.....that one was okay...not one of my favorites, but his hair was so cute and was perfect in it so...actually it was great too...hehe.... :) The latest movie I saw w/ him was Lucky Numbers...He was soooo funni...I was a lil embarrased in the show cuz at some part I started laughing histerically and wouldn't stop for like 10 minutes.....HE WAS ABSOLUTELY EXTRORDINARY in it....and what made it what made it even more prefect was that Lisa Kudrow was in it too..she is an excellent actress too...My Mom and I luv him and I know we alwayz will....I know that he loves his children very much and that is definetly a plus....Kelly Preston and him go great together....A great actress and a great actor...just perfect....ok well I beleive I might of wrote a lil tooo much so I'll stop now and conclude in sayin that John Travolta ios one of my favorite actors and I will alwayz be his fan..... :)