I admit that I ve enjoyed some of Michael Moore s documentaries in the past. But, though he has had a few hits over the years, for the most part, my impression of him now is that he makes a very lucrative living bitching and moaning about his own belief system instead of trying to present completely factual, unbiased information. Whether Bowling for Columbine deserved an Oscar or not, it's still too bad that its producer chose that particular night to show us what an opportunistic sleaze he really is. What he spewed spoke more toward advancing his own reputation as a self-appointed controversial advocate than anything else. And, at this particular time, it screamed volumes about the man s character or lack of. It was to be expected. And, though he didn t let his fan base down, he did let the young men and women of the armed services down by not being able to override his personal grievances in favor of a simple sign of support for those now unavoidably in harms way. No, he doesn t have to agree with what s going on any more than anyone else. But he might have tried to pick a better time and place. I guess slipping in a whiney bitch about the last election, the current administration and the war in the middle east as you accept an award - which will assure you an even more inflated income in the future - IS cheaper than making another documentary. For my part, I think it wouldn t hurt Mr. Moore and his colleagues if they at last learned that they are allowed to have an unexpressed thought occasionally. I personally think he made a total 60 s retro ass of himself last night at the Oscars. I was happy to see that some of the other presenters and award recipients managed to take the high road for once and showed an uncharacteristic bit of control and, in one case at least, even a bit of class. I hope Moore was paying attention when Steve Martin made the most gracious and thankfully, final remark of the evening, To the men and women overseas -- we are thinking of you. Why? We hoped you enjoyed the show. It was for you. Whether you oppose the war or not, we re in it now and there are people risking their lives for it. The least we can do now is RESPECT THAT.