Hey all! I would just like to say that I really, truly am Mark's biggest fan! I adore him! I think he is the best rapper, model, and actor around! I enjoy every movie he is in, every song he sings, and basically anything having to do with him! Mark has the best smile out of like everyone I have seen or known!!! He is just so perfect to me in every way! He was just so cute in Reinassance Man, sooo damn fine in The Substitute, just a hot lil police man in The Corruptor, a sweet, but yet not so sweet character in Fear, a perfect lil angel in The Big Hit, a hottie in Baskeball Diaries, A very very sexy Dirk Diggler in Boogie Nights, a lil sweet heart in Three Kings, and a perfect lil Bobby baby in The Perfect Storm, the sweetest lil con-man in Traveller, and I'm sure in his other movies that i haven't seen like Rock Star, or Tim Burton's Planet of the Apes are really great. I know he must of played outstanding roles in those too! The last movie I have seen with Mark is The Yards...now that is a very good movie. I know it didn't go over too well, but it was excellent...He really played the role well... My favorite movie Mark is in is The Big Hit. I thought he was so cute when he was in the kitchen with that girl makin the turkey or chicken (kosher dinner)! Awe :) He really didn't fit the role of a contract killer Did he?? NO! He plays the best roles when he uses guns...he looks soo strong and cool...u know like he knows what he's doin'....It is soo hard for Marky to play the bad boy role when no matter what he will alwayz be soo sweet...Even in Fear he was sweet... :) I just love him!!! The Corruptor was a lil confusing, but when I saw it the 2nd time it helped me understand the plot more...He looked so cute when he put those black glasses on... :) The Perfect Storm was sooo GREAT!!! I cried sooo much at the end... :( thats ok I rented Traveller the other day to watch..and I thought he was sooo funni when he made fun of those cowboyz when him and Bill Paxton were escaping from them when the cowboyz knew they were cheatin em'!! Basketball Diaries, Boogie Nights, and The Substitute were good, but not my favorite ones with him...I don't know why though, well..maybe b/c I should not of watched Boogie Nights and I dunno...I just wasn't that into Basketball Diaries w/ all the drugs, and well he had a small part in Substitute but...they were very well....My favorite words now are''''' Heyo You Tryin Ta Clown Me '''''U know from Big Hit..Oh and in Corruptor I thought he sounded so cute when he said that he preferred peaches over plums...that was great!!! haha..#:o)...Oh mi goodness...in Renaissance Man when he was singin in the shower...Oh that was sooo CUTE!!!! I luved hearin his rappin throughout parts of the movie....Three Kings was when I really started to like him...It really showed me his skills of being an actor...He was just great in it...I remember I went on and on for weeks sayin how great he was in that movie...I even started makin quotes of the day...lol..all havin to do w/ Mark...well I did it partly to make mi friends laugh...for instance I wrote Math begins with M, Mark begins with M and Wahlberg is an upside down M....lol....Oh gosh I even made up little stores...I mean I would write down the name of a store on a flashcard and put all kinds of things on it havin to do w/ him...I made up Markberg Acting Academy ... I even made a fast food one w/ a Boogie Night Happy Snack and Three King Size Fries ...hehe..I still can't beleive how goofy I was when doin that..Somin that was soo totally fabulous about him is his personality..I mean I read up on him about his life and...I mean he has really made the best of himself...I read about the LUCKY peeps that got to meet him and how they thought he was just the nicest person..that is the most attractive thing on a man....Oh I also wanted to say how cute I thought he looked at the Fasion Awards and MTV Movie Awards....wat a cute lil sweetie! Gosh I could just talk about him forever..haha, Im so crazy..:) Ok by now all the peeps who are readin this must think I'm pretty obsessed, but I'm really not, just a fan head over heels crazy for him! He is my favorite everything!!! Anyway I guess I'll be goin now, but I'll conclude in sayin this..... Mark, I luv ya baby, I am ya biggest and best fan there is, and I wish the best of luck in the years to come!!!!! :) :) :) :) :)I luv u baby!:):):):):)