Spike Lee is arguably the greatest movie director ever. A genius when it comes to directing films. He personifies brilliance in every sense of the word. I read his 1997 autobiography this year. He's a kid that grew up in New York City and knows the ballplayers that came out of there. He is an avid Knicks fan along with basketball itself and incorporates that into several of his movies. In his book, he talks about each of his movies and what significance they had pertaining to his life specifically (by the way, I recommend this book. It's called The Best Seat in the House). Do the Right Thing is undoubtedly the greatest movie regarding racial tension ever made, having the all-out chaos erupt at the end. It served as the location for Public Enemy to premiere their politically vocal anthem Fight the Power. Malcolm X is also probably the best movie ever made that is somewhat of a biography. It made a statement that Malcolm was just as influential in the civil rights battle as MLK and should be honored on his birthday, May 19. Along with PE's song Fight the Power, Malcolm X begins with a fiery speech from the man himself. Spike acts in some of his movies himself along with other family members. He has played both the characters of Mookie and Mars Blackmon. Lee also spoke highly of the making of his films Jungle Fever and Crooklyn. He has really helped to evolve the career of Denzel Washington, who has appeared in several Spike Lee Joints. Denzel played a great role in the 1998 film (also featuring Public Enemy's music) He Got Game, a basketball story. Spike Lee is vocal on the issue of race relations and affirmitive action, teaming up with Jesse Jackson to put pressure on the New York Post to hire more African American writers. He also likes to encourage African American athletes to not rely on agents so much, put to personally have control over their financial situation. He does not stand for racism in any form. Spike Lee is an intellectual that has made timeless movies and makes a statement through them. Not many directors come like this, ever.