Shame on you, Paul. Read number 2. At the recent National Fraternal Order of Police (FOP) conference, the delegation in attendance voted unanimously to begin a boycott of persons, products and companies associated with the supporting of convicted cop killer Mumia Abu-Jamal. In case you don't know, he was convicted in the 1981 killing of Philadelphia Police Officer Daniel Faulkner under overwhelming evidence. The act was an especially brutal and sadistic murder that still haunts the family, friends and coworkers of Officer Faulkner. (The New York Shields presented Officer Faulkner's family with a Medal of Valor at their 1999 Police Memorial Breakfast). Convict Abu-Jamal has written a book, Live from Death Row, and attempted to place himself in a celebrity status as a result of his criminal behavior. Others have supported his pathetic attempt to gain stardom and freedom, all the while spitting in the face of Officer Faulkner, his family and every single law enforcement officer in the United States. The F. O. P. has announced the formal boycotting of the following: 1. Ben Jerry's Ice Cream Products (donators to a defense fund for the killer). 2. Actor Paul Newman, and his products (an outspoken supporter of the killer). 3. Actress Susan Sarandon (supporter of this convicted killer). 4. Filmmakers Spike Lee, Oliver Stone and John Landis (supporters of the killer). 5. Writers Norman Mailer and Joyce Carol Oates (supporters of the killer). 6. Super-model Naomi Campbell (supporter of the killer). 7. Musicians: Sting, David Byrne and Michael Stipe of REM, (supporters of the killer). 8. The Backstreet Boys who are performing free benefit concerts for the killer's defense fund. One of their benefit concerts scheduled for Baltimore,MD had to be canceled when Baltimore police officers refused to work the overtime shifts for security at the concert. As you may not know, a tape recorded statement made by this heinous convicted killer, was played at the graduation commencement ceremony of EVERGREEN STATE COLLEGE IN WASHINGTON STATE in June 1999. This resulted in over 800 graduates walking out and another two dozen turning their backs during the killer's three minute diatribe of hate. The F.O.P.'s position is getting widespread coverage in the media, as well it should. The members of the New York Shields stand with our fellow brothers across this country in strongly supporting this boycott and honoring the memory of Philadelphia Police Officer Daniel Faulkner. We urge you to participate in this boycott and request that you pass this e-mail on to your coworkers, partners, family and friends. We must stand together against this brutal murderer. Please do your part and pass this important message along to your friends. Call your local grocer and tell them about Ben Jerry's support of a cop killer. 