I could not disagree more with Rusty's assessment of the Autobiography of Malcolm X by Alex Haley. First of all, how does one writer write about the life of another and call it an autobiography? Alex Haley is notorious for delivering what he wishes to become public opinion as facts. Never in the history of civilization has one nation, the United States of America, done more to attempt to create equality for a racial minority. America has done so much to improve the lives of blacks. None of this is appreciated. The story of Malcolm X is a perfect example of how what is unacceptable for one race is perfectly acceptable for another. Alex Haley conveniently reinvented many historical events to justify Malcolm X's disgusting behavior and beliefs. Malcolm X personified hatred, bigotry, and racism. He hated all white people because they were white. We are supposed to accept that? That is acceptable behavior? Malcolm X did not take any personal responsibility or personal accountability. Whites have done so much for blacks. None of it is appreciated. The more that is done, the more blacks expect something for nothing. There is a ludicrous statement in there about whites taking away his hope and optimism. No one can take anothers hope. This is something one chooses to give up. How do you explain Jews liberated from concentration camps, coming to American, and becoming very prosperous after one generation? Their oppression was so much worse than any black person living in the United States can comprehend. How do you explain Chinese people escaping the complete domination and control by the Communist Chinese, coming to America, and becoming middle class after only one generation? Enough is enough. Blacks need to be self accountable and responsible for their own actions. They need to end their obsession with the false sense that they are victims. One of the most ironic things is Malcolm X fascination with Muslims. Didn't he realize that black African tribes conquered other black African tribes? The blacks sold the conquered black tribes to the Arabs, the Muslim Arabs. Malcolm X was a demon. The fact that black culture with the help (and profits) of white culture is making him into a folk hero is sickening. Malcolm X is worse than David Duke. Much worse. He didn't change. 