Malcolm X is definitely one of the most interesting as well as fascinating figures in the 20th century and all of American history. It is important to note that I am a Caucasian male myself. He changed his name from his birth name Malcolm Little to Malcolm X in honor of his ancestors that came to America on slave ships through the Middle Passage, having only one letter to represent their last name. He changed his life from being a criminal on the streets of Harlem to possibly the greatest civil rights leader of the early 1960s. The hajj Malcolm X made to Mecca was momentous because he saw that Muslims from all walks of life were getting along together in harmony without regard to race. He advocated untiy within the black race. It was interesting that he said that blacks must first get human rights (which they obviously did not have) before they could achieve civil rights. He was a person that actually had the courage to stand up and challenge the establishment and say, you know what, Afro-Americans certainly aren't treated correctly in America. The movie directed by Spike Lee based on this autobiography is also well worth seeing. He stayed loyal to Harlem, his home, by always trying to speak there and make it better. People always seem afraid to talk or teach about the man, but he was really a freedom fighter. I feel the same way as what it states in his eulogy: There are those who will consider it their duty, as friends of the Negro people, to tell us to revile him, to flee, even from the presence of his memory, to save ourselves by writing him out of the history of our turbulent times. Many will ask what Harlem finds to honor in this stormy, controversial and bold young captain - and we will smile. Many will say turn away - away from this man, for he is not a man but a demon, a monster, a subverter and an enemy of the black man - and we will smile. They will say that he is of hate - a fanatic, a racist - who can only bring evil to the cause for which you struggle! And we will answer and say to them : Did you ever talk to Brother Malcolm? Did you ever touch him, or have him smile at you? Did you ever really listen to him? Did he ever do a mean thing? Was he ever himself associated with violence or any public disturbance? For if you did you would know him. And if you knew him you would know why we must honor him. 