I give up. Clancy's parody of himself in The Bear and the Dragon is more than I can take. I've loved all the (real) Tom Clancy novels up to this point. I was so completely impressed by Executive Orders that I started thinking of Clancy's work as literature instead of him being just another fiction novelist. Boy, did I miss the mark on that one. This novel is so poorly put together I am at a loss for words. The Jack Ryan character that I have always respected comes across like a whiny little fussbudget. Here's an idea for Mr. Ryan: if you don't like the political games, don't run for president. Instead, this story picks up with Ryan having won the presidential election, and complaining all the way because he hates the politics of it all. The character is OUT of character so often that as a long time Clancy reader I was getting confused with his actions and reactions to events. In previous novels, Clancy had a flair and a style all his own, and when he would incorporate the military lingo it always sounded fresh. Now, it comes across forced and almost unreadable. Referring to someone as a Two-Star General (promotable) - what the heck does that mean? Do people actually speak to this general and refer to the fact that he's (promotable)? Same way with referring to Ryan as POTUS (President of the United States, get it?). I can see military strategists using that acronym on occasion, but Clancy uses the phrase as if it were as normal as saying him or Ryan . The usage of the jargon sounds very forced here, and makes me feel as if Clancy is doing a parody of himself. There is another sequence involving an agent who seduces a woman to gain info. I don't know about you, but if I never read another sex sequence from Clancy it will be too soon. The agent also buys this girl lingere and perfume from Victoria's Secret, and makes an aside comment to himself wait'll you see the drawers I just got you, honey . DRAWERS? Come on, DRAWERS? Tom Clancy had been the last person on Earth I would want to write any sort of seductive passages in a novel and this clinches it. I didn't even get far enough to revisit our old cardboard friends Clark and Chavez, but I'm sure they show up at some point or another. Of course you have Ed and Mary Pat Foley, that intrepid husband and wife team of spies, who have zero personality other than Ed calling his wife honeybunny repeatedly. .... What a bad novel this is. Tom Clancy was so brilliant up to Executive Orders . Now he is just a windbag. Sad. 