 Truman is a great book. I just finished reading it and I found that it gave an excellent view of the life and times of this great American President. McCullough is an excellent writer who makes history truly come alive. The author at the end of the book claims that Truman was an ordinary, yet a very unordinary man at the same time. This is very true, you would have to be unordinary to seek the Presidency with all of the hazards of the job! McCullough's book really helped justify most of Trumans actions as President. Until a few years ago, most people regarded Truman somewhat as a pariah, McCullough really put Truman's presidency in its proper historical place. Another irony about Truman: he was very political but at the same time he was not a politician. This was the direct opposite of his predecessor, F.D.R., who was the commensurate politician. Truman always took the long view when it came down to foreign policy, he never exposed himself to what was politically expedient at the time. If he really seeked to do what was politically expedient, he would have sent home all of our troops from Europe after the second world war, he didn't yield to public pressure like the presidents after the first world war did. He knew that we had a responsibility as the only power not directly touched by the war to rebuild the world. The Marshall Plan and Greek-Turkish Aid were not very popular, but Truman knew that we had to stem the rising tide of communism. He was not very popular as President because he made the tough decisions. He did make some mistakes during his presidency though, and the author of the book sometimes tries to paper over it (you can tell by reading it that he has sympathy towards his subject). He sometimes made decisions without thinking things though. The Korean War was pretty much a disaster (the author does not really talk about this though). I think that Truman failed to articulate what his policy of limited war would be towards Korea, Johnson failed to do this too in Vietnam. He wanted to keep the war in Korea, but his trusty general Mr. MacArthur wanted to expand the war into China, even if the Russians would decide to get into it, something which would have been horrible for the world. At least Truman knew we shouldn't and couldn't get into a 3rd World War and he deserves credit for that. You do have to admire Truman's solid character though. He never stooped to the lowest common denominator. Truman was a naturally honest person, so honest that it hurt him politically sometimes. All in out, Truman is a great read, I recommend to anyone particularly interested in Cold War history.