I honestly have to say that my experience with Comcast has been the single worst experience I have EVER had with any business in my entire life. We were supposed to have our cable and internet service hooked up on August 2nd between 12-4pm. At 6:45pm a person came to do it who had been independently contracted by Comcast (apparently they hire out independent contractors to help because they are severly understaffed). He spent 2 hours and left without checking the cable and high speed internet and naturally neither worked. We called that night and on Wednesday the 3rd a Comcast installer came and hooked it up properly. Unfortunately, he said, the wire outside our home was getting a weak signal but it shouldn't be a big deal. He said they would be out to fix it the next day. So, the next day no one came and we called Comcast back. They said they would send a serviceman the next day (Aug 5th) to check it out even though we told them that would not help and that the wire outside needed replaced. On Friday the gentleman came and confirmed what we had said was true, that the wire would need to be replaced. He said the utilty crew was very busy so they couldn't come until Monday. We later found out we were charged an additional $29.95 to have him come to our home and confirm what we were already told. Later that Friday night the Comcast utility crew came for ten minutes looked at the wire and left. We thought Oh well they are busy, they will be here Monday to fix it and it will be fine. We were wrong. No one came on Monday. When I called Comcast they said the utility crew was tied up with another job but would be there FOR SURE on Tuesday. I called Tuesday morning and the operator said he had just talked to the utility manager and he promised he would be there that day, No one had come so I called back at 6pm and they said Well, the utility crew works later hours and they are still coming tonight. Needless to say they did not come. At this point my wife called and demanded to speak to a manager. He said it would be at least 4 days but then by the end of the conversation he said the earliest they would come is August 21st! Long story short my wife then told him we quit and wanted our money back. I could go on another several paragraphs about what has happened since then but for the sake of time I will say it has just more of the same. I have talked to them 5 times about getting our bill zeroed out and each time they promise it will be or has already been taken care of. Well, today I just got a bill for $60 and once again they say they are sorry and it will be taken care of but I have a feeling this saga will continue to drag on. In short, Comcast represents everything that can go wrong when there is a virtual Monopoly. Rather than provide any sort of customer service they simply lie to the customer to get them off the phone and then do nothing. I can't fully express how much frustration this has caused me this past month and can only beg you all that if you have any possible alternative to Comcast...use it. We went with Knology and they have been perfect. They told us there was nothing wrong with the wire outside our house, Comcast had just put a loose faulty outlet coming into our home and thats why nothing worked. I am not surprised. John McGrane 