Time Warner, Please read and research the following concerns and advise on how to proceed. I would have thought five months would have been enough time to get our Digital cable, Road Runner, and Digital Phone services up and running. I see ugly satellites going up every week on the homes in our new gated community. I stop to ask why the dishes are being installed and the answer is the same. Time Warner can’t provide Cable TV that has over 50 channels. The Phone system works half the time and the Road Runner service is slow or none existing. With that I will be meeting with the developers in the Pearland area next week regarding a petition on the lack of support from Time Warner Cable. I have had an AOL account for over six years with no issues so why does it take 5 months to fix a major cable wiring problem for my home underground in a brand new development while I pay $150.00 a mo. to look at a wire above the ground in my yard as it runs across 2 of my neighbors’ yards? When the technician made the temporary repair to my line in July or Aug. 2005 he also made me a promise of getting a supervisor out to see how bad the (I think he said) DBV is. He said the only way to fix it is to run new main lines so he could get my full signal to get more than half the channels working in my home. It is running now at-10 to +17 DBV at the pedestal as ac current would. I waited patently while I assumed Time Warner was running a new line. All that has taken place as of now is lost revenue from Time Warner paying their service personnel overtime to give the same answer over and over. I expect a phone call from an area GM in Pearland, Texas no later than the first Monday after Christmas. If not I will start filing complaints with the FCC & BBB while meeting with the Texas Home Builders Association, the area developers, and last but not least the local TV stations. Sorry to send this to you guys but time is of the essence regarding the above unresolved issues. The only thing we want from all of this is to get what we have been paying for and not getting from Time Warner. Thank You, 