Full Review This is a car that I love and hate at the same time - sort of a conundrum in some respects. As our family was expanding, my wife and I wanted something safe, but efficient. Unfortunately most Japanese makers don’t make wagons any more and we didn’t want to kick the planet in the face by driving an SUV. I had owned several Subarus in the past and was looking at another Outback, but it just wasn’t luxurious enough after driving a Lexus and Mercedes for a while. This car was mainly for my wife to drive. I currently drive a Lexus LS400 and had owned a Mercedes prior to that. I liked the fit and finish of the German car and I wanted the same for my wife. When compared to the Outback, the Passat was tighter, better constructed, had much better styling, good drivability and we really liked the overall fit and finish. The car just felt right for us. Consumer Reports had given it average reliability rating and it was one of their “Best Buys” and the top sedan in its class (according to their tests). The car has a fit and finish of a car costing thousands more, but based on the dealership treatment and reliability you’ll be glad you didn’t pay more. Overall We bought a 2002 Anthracite Blue GLS wagon with gray leather, sunroof, heated seats, tiptronic auto, and Monsoon CD player. We bought the car used in 2004 w/ 38K miles on it and with full dealership service records. Engine / Transmission Based on the amount of driving that we do, we opted for the 1.8t engine. While not the fastest car off the line, the 1.8t is peppy enough to get you going despite some minimal turbo lag initially. Once you get used to the turbo you realize that you have to goose it a little early to get there in time, but your driving habits adjust accordingly and to us it is no big deal. The engine is super thrifty in terms of fuel economy with highway cruising at just over 30 MPG. The VW/Audi 1.8t engine was named by Wards as one of their top 10 engines several years running, BUT recent discoveries have led VW to put out a TSB warning against oil sludge buildup. We never go to the 5k mile interval (usually 3500-4000 miles) between changes and always use synthetic. VW now specs a larger filter for the engine to help reduce the sludge factor. The 1.8 t has a somewhat rough feeling at idle to it and it makes the car feel like it is a diesel engine. It idles smoothly, but vibrates more so than a V6 and some 4 cyl engines that I have experienced. I actually had it checked after I bought it to make sure that one of the engine mounts wasn't broken. It is fairly quiet though and you can hear the turbo spool at times. We have the 5 speed automatic transmission. Auto shifting is good and makes the most of engine power and using the tiptronic can be fun at times, but it in no way simulates a manual tranny. (I don’t think that my wife has ever used the tip.) I have no complaints on the transmission. Exterior styling is top notch. Body panels are tight and solid. Everything lines up w/ tight gap tolerances. They should have painted the plastic trim at the bottom of the body panels, but the paint scratches easily and shows swirl marks so I am glad they didn't. Mechanical Reliability I have owned a Ford, a Chevrolet, 2 Nissans, 2 Subarus, a Toyota, a Volvo, 2 Lexuses, a Mercedes, and now a VW. I can honestly say that this car was worse in terms of overall reliability than any of them. I bought this car used in 2004 with only 35K miles on it. It already had its fair share of dealership service records and it has accumulated even more in the time I have owned it. It has developed several water leaks as a result of clogged drain hoses from the sunroof and a bad seal on a door plate. The dealership didn’t cover any of these under warranty. Somehow water made it into the air intake, through the air filter, and into the engine resulting in a $1300 repair (also not covered by warranty). None of the mechanics could tell me how it happened and their solution to not having a repetition of the problem was “don’t drive the car in the rain.” VW USA is no help either when you try to register a complaint. I have already outlined the electrical issues above. I bought an extended warranty with the car and in some ways I am glad that I did, but most of the repairs that I have had to make were not covered. No loaner car is available from the dealer for repairs which is unfortunate since you’ll be spending a bit of time without the car. You will know your local VW dealership service writers by name. VW had a huge operating loss in North America last year and it’s not surprising if they had to cover their cars under warranty. Recommended No 