I test drove an Escape in my quest for a new SUV. I see a lot of positive messages about the vehicle but too be honest I wasn't impressed at all. Ford's reliability, fit and finish are pretty bad especially with first year models. The Explorer is horrible in this respect. Re-sale value on the Escape will be very poor because of all the recalls, I think they are up to five. I looked at Edmunds.com town hall to see what other Escape owners are saying. There is a discussion already just for owners that are having problems with the vehicle. Too many problems in my mind but take a look there for yourself. There seems to be a major problem with the engines dieing for no reason while the vehicle is being operated. Info on that is in the area of post # 913 and forward but there have also been a few prior to that.. There are a lot of complaints about the fit and finish. I also checked the government site for recalls (www.nhtsa.gov) of Ford products. Way, way too many. Problems included gas odors, air bags not deploying when needed, engine cutting off. The vehicle was nice but just felt like it was made from cheap materials. Any new vehicle will look and ride good and be trouble free for a certain amount of time. It's down the road a bit is when I would be concerned. I guess I'm spoiled though, as my last 4 vehicles have been Toyota's and I couldn't be happier with them. I guess I'm used to the well made vehicles they produce, quality fit and finish and bullet proof reliability. I finally decided on the Toyota Highlander. Not perfect but no vehicle is. More money then the Escape but so much more vehicle in my mind. A fantastic ride, V6 220 HP engine, much more room, silky smooth powertrain, handles great. It's made in the same plant as the Lexus RX-300 and shares many of the same parts including the exact same engine and transmission. Ford only gives a bumper to bumper warranty for 3 years/36,000. Toyota gives the same but adds 5 years/60,000 on the engine and powertrain, the most expensive parts on any vehicle. There's no extra charge for that piece of mind either. I guess you get what you pay for. Thanks to Toyota's great resale value I was able to get a very good price for my 1998 Toyota Sienna when I sold it. For those of you who have only purchased Ford or GM products I would give the Toyota line a look if you haven't done so already. I can't say enough about the Highlander. There must be a reason why Toyota and Lexus dominate every JD Power survey and even every vehicle catagory here at rateitall.com For those of you who have already bought the Escape I wish you the very best with it!!!! Thanks for reading!!! :-)