Last September my husband and i bought a Kia Sedona. We researched it..loved the safety ratings and the warranty. We went to a local dealer in Spartanburg, SC and test drove some of the 2005 models but they didn't have the package i wanted on the vehicle so after being told they didn't make that particular package with cloth seats, lo and behold i found one at another dealer. It was a 2004 but it oly had 47 miles on it and we were told the only real difference in the 04 and 05 was several thousand dollars in price. Needless to say we took the 04. I picked the van up 2 days later, my husband was out of town so i spoke with the service manager who assured me that the warranty was fabulous..anything that happened bring it back, they would fix it..it sounded like a car owners dream. Some where around the first week in June i went out and started the vehicle to run into town and the whole van shuddered uncontrollably and made the most horrible sound. I shut it off and called my husband who told me to call Kia and have it looked at. They were very sympathetic..sent out a truck to tow it in and told me they would be in touch. The next day the service manager calls and asks for service records on the van. I wasn't sure how to get them as my husband maintains all our cars. She informed me that i had to get them since it was likely an internal engine problem and Kia wouldn't approve anything, not even tearing the engine down to check until they had them. As it turns out Kia wanted us to pay for all costs to tear it down. This van had less than 15,000 miles on it..had an oil change in April and it was throwing a rod. We literally went through hell with Kia. Thye didn't like the fact that we used Castrol Synthetic motor oil, they don't recomend it..not did they like the fact that it had a Fram filter on it..they recomend their own. It took us over 2 months to get them to honor the warranty, they assured us that new cars don't throw rods and it must have been the way we maintained the vehicle. Yes they finally did honor it but they didn't want to..i was without my car for months..and that little thing where they rent you a car..didn't happen. Now we have to take our car to a dealer 30 minutes away to have a simple oil change done *and* you have to get all the Kia recomended checks every few thousand miles..which typically cost a few hundred dollars. It really galls me that they get away with it..its blackmail of a sort but otherwise they won't fix anything else that goes wrong. Kia rips off the very people keeping them in business, we'll never buy another ia product.