I attended USC for only my freshmen year,..as I soon found out how I disliked this school. It's very conservative, students are close-minded, not much political activism, students are materialistic and snobby and the campus is located in a 'depressing' neighborhood (but not very dangerous neighborhood as people stereotype USC). I also had many problems with students in my dorm, some who were just jerks to me, some who simply wanted to start an altercation with me for no reasons, some who....like I said...were jerks who would blast their music until 3AM...and other frat idiots who puked all over the dorm carpets making the dorm hall stink for several days. It was hell living in the USC dorms...as I think my dorm experience at SC equates to that living in a state prison! And this was an "honors" dormitory for honor students! USC does not seem to have a lot of emphasis on research, academics or have students who want to pursue a degree after their undergrad years. I was a music major, and some of the students in my classes were complete idiots! They just chose "music major" on their application just to get into USC. Once they got admitted to this college, they would study music for a year,..then transfer to business, film or other competitive programs at USC. I also had some bad experiences with some of my professors who didn't seem to want to help me, or some who did help me but was cocky and arrogant. I also will never forget an experience at one of the campus bookstores (the film program's bookstore next to the dental school) where this moronic girl over-charged me for this book I needed for one of my film classes (since I was minoring in film while at USC for a year). Had I not asked another student in my class how much he paid for the book, I would have been suckered! I still dislike USC...even though I completed my film minor there within a year before transferring. They still consider me an "alumnus"..and constantly harrass me with calls and letters from the music school. Ridiculous! 