Do NOT believe the advertising you hear about this school. They do NOT give you the personal attention that they say they do. They are only nice to you in the begining, but once they get your money, you are on your OWN. The first time you enroll, these people will kiss and wipe your as$. However, afterwards, they couldn't give a darn about you. Here's my problem with the Long Beach campus: Incompetent employees: There is hardly anyone in that building that wants to work. Academics workers will always want you to sign in, wait in line just to ask a stinkin' question. They have 1 advisor working and there are 8 people waiting. I only attend nights and weekend. At times I want to use the library, yet they cut the hours so now it closes at 7pm, when your classes starts at 6:30p. They also closed the library on weekends. The worst part of DeVry Long Beach is their financial aid is full of brain dead people. They NEVER EVER answer the phone. If you happen to manage to get a human, they will say that they will call you back, which will NEVER happen. It has never happened during the 3 years I've been there. They screwed up my financial aid many times. This has caused me delays in registration. At one time they sad that my paper works were submitted 2 weeks ago, yet when I visited them in person, another personnel found them on the desk of the same imbecile that I talked to. I actually would prefer coming in person since they seem to be moving when they see you. However, I live about 30 miles away from campus and I really would rather not drive 30 miles each way just to find out information that I can be given over the phone. Professors: Their instructors are either really good, or total morons. Most of my instructors have been really good. They know what they're talking about. However, I have a hard time understanding them since they have very thick foreign accents. Other instructors are just stupid. I had one before that always looked at the book when a student would ask a question. Often, the students would know more than the instructor. If I had to do it over again, I would NOT. However, I am at the point of no return. I have about 7 classes to go before I graduate and it would be kinda idiotic to transfer to another school. DeVry University, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. 