I have attended the University for several years and I would not recommend it to anyone. The staff in the advising office has little understanding of any particular department's policy, while it's a pot luck once you have declared a major as to whether your advisor has any clue what the actual requirements are. And, if you are particularly unlucky, the advisor may be openly hostile. The sole advisor for Undergraduates majoring in English, who likes to send people on wild goose chases around campus if she doesn't feel like dealing with them, will frequently forget to release advisement holds (a process that takes seconds), preventing you from registering and will take your head off if you dare enter her office without an appointment. The school frequently changes catalogues, and since they no longer print catalogues, if you do not print the catalogue you came in under, you may find yourself unable to graduate under new catalogue rules. Also, forget trying to get anything accomplished with any of the administrative offices. Each office has only one person who either has the knowledge or is authorized to help you. This single person will not be there when you call or visit the office, or will be there and will be too busy to talk to you. Expect to be screwed out of money. If an advisor forgets to lift an advisement hold or if a staff member does not enter a permit for a class into the system in time for you to register, you will pay at least an extra hundred dollars. You will be told you have to take classes that will not count towards your major. The bookstore will order the wrong book or the instructor will not use the book you purchase, and unless the book is in its original wrapping, you have your receipt, and you meet the return deadline with the proper paperwork, you will not be reimbursed. A new police officer patrolling the campus will misunderstand the confusing parking rules, and ticket you for parking legally. Forget appealing the ticket. You are just wasting your time. Even professors pay the ticket and try to forget the lost money. If you enter the graduate program, expect to be caught up in the professors' petty politics. Do not trust anything you are told by deans, as they may not actually hold the power in the department. I have seen deans overruled by professors without titles. Do not trust the graduate director for your department. They may be operating in good faith, but they may not be the final word, either. There are a few good professors at the university, but most professors are so wrapped up in their own research or in university politics that they will have no time to devote to you. You may also find yourself (especially at the undergraduate level) learning from a graduate student who is terribly proficient in their field, but who has been given no instruction in teaching and who may or may not speak fluent English. Expect to fight to get the classes you need, fight to register, fight to get fair grades, fight to graduate, and to spend a great deal of useless time and energy in the meantime. 