UOP makes the statement work at your own pace on your own time. This is the biggest joke. I am in my 3rd class of Masters in Special Education. There has been nothing but problems with the Learning Team garbage. I do not procrastinate and want my work done ASAP but when working in these groups you have to constantly leave messages for people. I had a group that showed up on the same Monday that a paper was due and expected me to get it together. I wrote the 2nd and 3rd paper myself and sent it. All I was asking for them to do was make changes it they chose and let me know if the paper was approved. Nothing. I was told by a counselor that if the people in the TEAM do not contribute then you are responsible for finishing the paper without the other TEAM members names on it. I did this and was pentalized for turning a paper in myself because it required the TEAM to collaborate. I did not apply to UOP to do group work ALL THE TIME. This is a masters degree program and every student should stand on their own two feet and get the work done. It is not fair that some people put in hours upon hours while others slide. I am tired of waiting for people to submit work and wait until the day it is due. All I can say is that if you do not want to do TEAM work and stay up late just to get papers done because of other team members then this is not a program for you. Even if you do the work yourself and submit it you will be docked points. This in turn will affect your grade. So technically you are damned if you do and damned if you don't. I am in the process of looking into another school that has no TEAM work. You do the work on your own and have 16 weeks to complete it. If you finish before the 16 weeks you can move on to the next course. This I believe at least for me is the best way to go. If I fail it will because of me, with UOP if you fail it is because of a memeber of the TEAM not doing their work. Points will be docked. I am looking forward to getting out of this program. Very Disappointed. 