This is my exact email to All_tel. I cant give them two stars because they just arent good enough. Enjoy. Dear Sir Or Madam: Today on Feb. 2, 2006 I was called by All-Tel for what was said to be a curtesy call. Only it was exactly the opposite. I have been an All-Tel Customer for over a year now. Under the number 334- and now under 254-. We have always paid our phone bills and have never been disconnected. We have had several problems with All-Tel in the last few months and I would like to tell you about these problems. To begin with in October 2005 we moved to _____, Texas because my spouse was reassigned to _______, Texas with the US Army. Upon our arrival we decided to change our phone number from the 334 number to a local number. We went to our ALL-Tel Agent in _______ for this, who though took an extremely long time did manage to change over our number. This was only supposed to be a phone number change and nothing else. Two weeks later our problems began when All-Tel sent us over a USD 200.00 bill for a "fair market change" only we did request one. After a few calls I finally got this problem remedied and the bill was dropped. Then two weeks later All-Tel sent us another bill. It seemed the person we talked to before who thought they took care of the problem in error forgot to make a note on our account and so this resulted in another erroneous bill for the same amount. After this bill and explaining what happened the problem was finally fixed. Then in another 2 or 3 weeks we got a bill for our old phone number (the 334 number) which had been canceled. We were being billed for two lines. After ANOTHER call to customer service to find out why we were receiving bills for the old number when the old account was closed, and the debt was wiped out. Then today came a call from ALL-Tel from an unavailable phone number. It was a customer service agent who told me that we were now a high risk customer and if I didn't buy more minutes on a new plan immediately my phone would be disconnected AFTER MY CALL WITH HER. She said this was because we were a new customer. I asked to speak to her supervisor, and she told me "well, he's just going to tell you the same thing." Begrudgingly she finally put me through to her supervisor who I had to explain to that we were not new All-Tel customers and we understood that our bill was unusually high for the month because we had a death in our family which resulted in many phone calls. Then the supervisor attempted to have me change our plan over the phone even though I told him I would rather go and speak directly with an agent (in an attempt to avoid any miscommunication or more erroneous charges to our account) only to be told a local agent would not be able to access the system to see my charges. I told him that we would be changing companies after all of this because it was very frustrating. In a last attempt effort to fix our problems with All-Tel we went to _______ Texas and spoke with ________ who was more than helpful and was able to help us to decide which minutes we truly needed and who actually apologized for the other agents who spoke out of turn and for their high pressure sales tactics. After going through so much with All-Tel my husband and I are questioning the integrity of All-Tel and of some of its agents and also their general knowledge of accounts seems to be lacking. It would greatly benefit All-Tel to improve on its customer service, and to see that problems such as ours do not happen. It is not only frustrating but unprofessional, and disgraceful for All-Tel to treat its loyal customers in such a way that even warrants this email. Should any future problems arise with All-Tel I will be dropping the provider. There are simply more companies out there with better knowledge and customer service. Thankyou for taking the time to read my letter of concern about your company and its customer service agents 