In Georgia, Alltel has a good coverage area. I usually get good service when making calls. The down fall of Alltel is their billing. Their billing / customer service is horrific. Here is my story. Alltel has been the only cell company that I have ever used. I have been a customer for about 6 or so years. I had never been disconnected up until late last year. I had a stroke of bad luck and was unable to pay my bill on time. They disconnected me (which I understand) It took me around 2 months to recover and little by little I caught it back up, meanwhile, they have this policy that if you are so many days late they add 200.00 to your account to get out of the contract. I paid my bill up to date and they cut my service back on. I talked with customer service and I plainly told them that I wanted to keep my service going, so they were suppose to remove the charge. Well guess what happen a couple of weeks later. I got disconnected again. I called and talked to them and they said I had a balance of 200.00 so, I called and called and explained what had happened. I reached a customer representative that really cared and got it straight for me. I said all right I have it straight now. hmmmmm no not really. The did in fact get the 200.00 off, but there was one thing missing. A disconnect fee. Well ofcorse I called them back and explained that I paid my balance and the reason that I had a reconnect fee was because they mistakenly disconnected me. I again called and called and got that resolved. Everything has been going well for 2 months of so. I have made sure that the billed has been paid in full and on time. I picked up the phone tonight and (can you guess what happen next?) I am disconnected Again. I call them and they say that I had 2 disconnect credit on my bill and the system will not allow that, so I have to pay it. I am sick of it. I am going to cancel my account tomorrow and end this nightmare. I know I am going to have to pay the 200.00 dollars and that is ok. What ever it takes to cut all ties with them.. Never ever go with this company. I think they need some restructuring. 