Dear Telus, Thank you for taking my phone call. We have been long standing customers with Telus for some time. In the last year we have been trying to contact Telus to switch a phone number from My fathers Account to my name XXX. After subsequent phone calls, to no avail, a representative finally authorized me to be on the account, but with no answer to transfer this account. During the billing time we recieved a bill for 700.00. Which to my surprise was grossly over stated and was 600.00 over the amount owed. So I paid it. After a few months went by someone must of realized the mistake and gave us a credit of 600.00. So after a year or so goes by and I pay up the account and cancel the service, and I am way on business. I arrive back to find that the telephone had not be disconnected and there is a balance due. I contact Telus and discuss that I had cancelled the phone 3 months ago, and surprised that no one had cancelled it. A client quality representative telephones us, and speaks to me, and promises to adjust the bill, as well as credit the account. My father whom he also spoke to told him that in the three month period that if he was to return to Telus he would recieve a new phone, and transferred into my name. A month later I phone telus to find out what was the deal that the Client quality manager had told him on the phone, and a representative tells us there is nothing written on the file. They also inform us that there is 97.00 dollars owing on the account after the Client care representative telling us that there was a 'ZERO' balance owing on the account. This was told to both me and my father in two separate conversations that there is a zero balance owing. A collection agency has just contacted my father to our surprise. After contacting Collections they told us to contact Telus. We have also contacted the CRTC, and there seems to be no jurisdiction over customer complaints, so all I am left with is the Better business bureau and your department. PS if telus did not have a monopoly on the telephone lines that would be changed too. WE have already switched our long distance to primus, and have had much relief of our pocket book. !@ 