Before you do business with Sprint PCS read this. I do not recommend Sprint PCS to anyone. They have terrible service and inadequate support. Their Customer service is a joke, full of rude and unknowledgeable people. Their website is never up long enough to get anything done. I strongly urge you to read my story. I am not a bitter person, and I always try my best to resolve issues in a friendly manner. There is just no winning with Sprint PCS. I signed up with them in 2000 as a personal account, but wound up using it mostly for business reasons. The first year was ok, not spectacular, but up to the standards of most wireless carriers. After that, it was all down hill. As time passed, I stupidly hesitated to change the number after having it for so long, but it got to the point where I couldn t deal with the issues anymore. The following are a description of these problems. Plan: When I signed up for a Sprint PCS account in 2000, I requested a personal account with a one-year obligation and a Motorola phone. They actually signed me up for a business account with a three-year contract instead. After speaking to a customer service supervisor about the change, she said, and I quote; we don t have to inform you of those types of changes. Coverage: Over the past year, the dropped calls have become increasingly worse. In the last 3 months, I have dropped over 75% of my calls at least once, with the month of September yielding an unheard of, 100+% drop rate. That s right, every call I made I dropped at least 1 time if not more. On one of several calls to customer service (when I did get through) one rep told me it was an equipment issue and she recommended I change phones, so I did. I purchased a brand new Motorola Timeport with digital display ($299.99), only to experience the same exact problem. Other calls to the customer service circus yielded everything from that s not our problem, to there s nothing we can do , one rep informed me I can receive a $20 credit for dropped calls (my bills averaged $300.00+ a month) and I should be happy with it, all I have to do is dial *2, and follow the automated instructions. Service Centers: One rep told me I needed a software update on my new (3 month old) phone. I was asked to go to my nearest Sprint PCS service center and they would happily do it there. This launched a search throughout New York City and Northern Jersey that consumed more time than I ever imagined. Most service centers didn t do software updates, and couldn t tell me which ones did. Other places sent me to stores that had been closed for a while (according to neighboring stores). It wasn t until I traveled down to south jersey, that I found a pace that did it, but it didn t help the problem. Disconnection of service: After attempting to resolve issue after issue with no success, I decided to cancel my service. Then, and only then, did the customer service reps try to help me with my problem, and offer possible solutions. After kindly declining and explaining why, I was informed that there was a disconnection fee because of my three-year business contract, although my requested one year contract had expired a year ago. I was also informed that I would be billed until the end of my cycle, roughly 20 days away. After speaking to another customer service manager, he said, and I quote; I m not telling you that you have to use your phone, but we re going to bill you anyway. I was also given a prompt sorry, that s the way it is.. and dispatched just as quickly. This confirmed that I had made the right choice by leaving their service. 2 years, more business (I had also purchased 2 additional phones for my family in the beginning) and $300.00 a month was obviously not enough loyalty to not be penalized for leaving their terrible service. I hope my experience will help someone avoid the same problems I had. I am now a Verizon Wireless customer and I couldn t be happier. A one-year obligation means one- year obligation, and customer service lives up to its name. 