Cellular One is HORRIBLE! Apparently, the company does not feel ANY responsibility for their field reps located in kiosks all over the place and it would SEEM that these people are encouraged to lie or at least tell you anything you want to hear to lock you in to one of their satanic contracts. I added a third line last winter and I asked my helpful mall kiosk rep (located in the only mall in Helena, MT) if by doing so it would extend my contract because if it would I did NOT want to get it as my contract would be up soon and I didn't want to get locked in to another 2 years. He assured me that I would only be adding a line to my existing contract and this would NOT extend my contract. So I called the 611 number and ordered the new line and the rep didn't say ANYTHING about extending my contract. Yet last month when I checked, sure enough, they'd zapped me with another 2 years and told me it was because of adding the new line. Needless to say, I went ballistic. Also needless to say, their response was, Gee that's too bad. So OK here I am stuck with 2 more years and my husband has to go to Vermont to complete school and the only way they'll serve him there is if we buy a seperate international plan that costs a ridiclous amount and is a seperate plan from our regular one, which they refuse to drop any of the lines from. So he's stuck roaming and naturally our bills have been outrageous even though we've been super careful. So OK, I'm not happy about this but I decide to just suck it up. So I go back to my helpful mall kiosk rep. and ask him what I need to do to change my number because I'm moving to Oregon next month, where my husband will eventually join me. He says, Just call the 611 number and switch over to the Western Plan. So I go to do this yesterday only to be told they don't serve Oregon and in order to cancel my service not only do I have to pony up $200 but they also demand to have PROOF of my move and suggest I send them a copy of my first utility bill! So they expect me to pay for a month of service they CANNOT provide while I wait for my proof of move AND then pay them their extortion for the priviledge of getting rid of their sorry service! Can you believe this? And when I tried to tell them I NEVER agreed to extend my contract in the first place, that I implicitly stated I would NOT extend my contract and that I had SIGNED NOTHING they told me that accepting the extra line over the phone bound me to their contract regardless. I asked if they had recorded the call and had proof that I verbally agreed to this when I knew I had not and of course they said they did not but that I was bound nonetheless. These creeps did the same thing to my poor 78 year old grandmother when she moved from Montana to a part of California they don't serve and she lives on a fixed income. Their call center's helpful suggestion? That I find someone who would take over my contract. As if I would wish their godawful service on anyone else! This company is dishonest, heartless, and incompetent and has given me nothing but trouble ever since I signed on with them. I got a Verizon phone yestersay, was helped by a very sweet gentleman who went over my entire contract very carefully with me and answered all my questions and verified what he was saying. I can't wait to get my husband's new phone out to him so I can talk to him again without dreading Cellular One's awful roaming charges. Stay away from these people, they are the devil!