This city has got to be one of the worst! It snows way too much and is also cloudy about 70% of the year. Your car can rust out easily because of all the salt they have to put down due to the horrible winters. They like to import used cars from the South because they have no rust. Summers are full of brief warm spells with a lot of rain and drizzle. It gets really depressing. Not only is the weather here horrible and depressing but so are the people. Cleveland (known also as the Mistake by the Lake) which lies in the Rust Belt has been the nations biggest eye sore and joke for many years. Once a city of over a million people in the early 70's has now decreased to a little under 400,000 which is smaller than Atlanta and many other fine Southern cities. The crime rate in Cleveland is also out of control. They cannot keep the city street lights on because the city cannot afford it. Nor can they afford to repair roads. Also this town is Mafia ran which seems to control everything. The town is just very backwards and reminds me of when I visited Communist Eastern Germany before the wall came down. HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE!! I can best describe the people there as, racist, depressing, rude, ugly, weird and very backwards. Cleveland was also one of the last US cities to get Cable Television. Up until the late 1990s Cleveland did not even have a decent major grocery retailer or even much more than a K-Mart in the entire Metro area. No Home Depot, No Lowe's, No Wal Mart, No major grocery chains. All they had were these little Mom and pop type places that charge super high prices. Race's are separated into different segments of the city not living together like most Southern cities. Oh lets not forget that the mayors hair caught on fire once on pulic tv and a major river caught fire there once because of all of the pollution in it. No wonder so many Yankees are moving south.. Cleveland just needs to blown up and rebuilt. Oh and some people call the Flats a pary area there? RIGHT and Mars has bars too..