Ohio, especially the Cleveland area, has to be the ANUS of the United States. I kid you not. What can you possibly love to hate about Ohio? Here goes: * You won't see the sun from December to March. It's dark, dank, and overcast most of the winter, and bitterly and biting cold. * Ohio's economy truly sucks. It's past industrial base has largely eroded, and many blue AND white collar jobs have been offshored to places like India and China, or just plainly eliminated. This is largely why there is a major 'brain drain' in Ohio, and young people with College degrees are moving out of state in droves! If you don't believe me, Cleveland's Daily, 'The Plain Dealer' has articles about this phenomenon quite frequently. It's sad but true. * So many denizens of Ohio have an almost beyond FANATICAL fervor for sports. Whether it's 'Friday Night Football' or The Browns or The Indians, they 'foam at the mouth' and get hardons when you talk sports. And believe me folks, that's ALL they talk about here, it seems. If you don't like OSU, you are considered a terrorist! * If your idea of a nice beach is a dark, polluted mudhole called Lake Erie, then come on down! * If you enjoy hearing the English language being raped on a daily basis, come to Ohio. You'll hear some very strange things around here. Like 'RUTT' instead of 'ROOT', or 'KURR' instead of 'CAR', or 'WARSHING MACHINE' instead of 'WASHING MACHINE', etc. etc. Then again, the ratio of uneducated bible thumping rednecks to educated degreed individuals must be around 1,000: 1, or thereabouts. This is redneck central folks! * The roads here suck, and people can't drive. They don't believe in using turn signals, and they hog the fast lanes with their slow moving beaters. Moreover, the traffic lights are timed so that you can't move too far. At a typical stop, the light will turn green, and you'll see the next light in front of you turn red immediately. I don't know which assclown is in charge of timing traffic lights around here, but he definitely must suffer from premature ejaculation AND A.D.D. combined! I would write some more here, but i'm getting too depressed typing all of this. 