Lost Angeles or what I call "hell-A" is such a hell-hole...the worst city on the West Coast...and the worst in the US. I have had a bad experience with this f_cked up city, and will never come back. I actually came to LA for college...thinking that this is such a good experience to get away from home. At first, things seemed whacky and weird, and I probably thought I needed to adjust myself to a new city. I was completely wrong!!! I soon realized how rude, shallow, fake, cold and materialistic people are here. I think LA locals are more cold than New Yorkers!! Rent here is crazy,..and even living in a sh_tty apartment in a ghetto-looking area is even expensive! The air....horrible...except for the locals who love the "beautiful" brown skies! Blah! Traffic here is horrible...if you think traffic in your hometown is bad...then you've got to come to this sh_thole to experience HORRIBLE traffic. I remember communiting to my college campus, only four miles away...yet it took about an hour to get to school. RIDICULOUS! In addition to traffic, LA has a lot of rude and crazy drivers...esp the illegal immigrants from mexico who don't have auto insurance nor a valid driver's license. People will cut you off,..or if you give your signal as an intent to change lanes, the a$$hole in the other land will speed up to prevent you from changing lane. Getting back to the locals, they are mean and shady. In fact my younger brother, while attending another college in LA, was scammed by a con-artist who pretended to own a small business. So he made my brother open up a bank account under his name and SSN. After depositing $$$ into my brother's account,..that a-hole wrote a check for more than what was in my brother's account..and ran off. Police couldn't find that punk...nor did they initially wanted to help my brother!!! This is how corrupt the police and city government of LA is!!! Collection agents were after my brother making his life miserable for him. In addition, people here are arrogant, have no class..basically they live with their heads up their a$$. It's a complete joke interacting with shallow no-manner locals in LA. The cops here (esp LAPD) are horrible douchebags..and it seems as if they like to scream at people, have no manners, don't seem to want to help people (esp if you're a visitor) and ready to use their baton to bash you like a pinata. Seriously..these guys are scary...more like military police rather than civilian police officers! I also hate it when the locals try to rub things literally into your face..making it look as if you did something wrong... For example, I asked this question to my professor about a problem with my homework assignment. Then this a-hole student "waiting" (she actually didn't wait in line..rather came into the professor's office and had the nerves to sit right next to me while it was my turn to talk to the instructor!!) interrupts me and says "well...it's obvious that you needed to do this this & this" trying to act like she knew everything as if I was a step lower than her....and I was like "F-you...go back into your mom's womb!" People here also aren't direct...they seem to LOVE giving you the run-arounds here. For example, I had a gastroenterolotist do a check-up on my stomach by him placing a camera into my esophagus. The stupid receptionist at his office told me that my medical insurance covered the anesthesiological procedure. Guess what? My insurance never covered that procedure! I ended up paying around $500 for that procedure! When I refused to pay that a-hole anesthesiology company, they threatened to report me to a collection agent. Now that's f-uped! So thankful to God that I no longer live in this hell...yes LA == "HELL" I don't have to worry about breathing in harmful smog that will deteriorate my lungs. I no longer have to worry about crazy traffic. I no longer have to worry about paying expensive rent and auto insurance. I no longer have to worry about con-artists who live to rip people off. I no longer have to worry about getting help from my local police department when I'm in trouble. I no longer have to wear "spandex" and other weird garbage to look "cool" to other idiots ( --LA people). Blah! I am just hoping day-by-day that a huge devastating earthquake (maybe I should dub that earthquake..."Earthquake Katrina") shakes this city, and sinks this slice of hell into the Pacific Ocean. 