Reasons to dislike America: 1. Americans are not educated very well, many never learn to read well and get informed on modern global cultures. 2. It is very racist; very few interracial couples and lots of people of all races in denial. 3. Government has no real power; corporations run the show and people suffer accordingly. 4. Too many brainwashed Americans who are bought off for cheap with promises of "freedom" while politicians and their business buddies profit fighting said wars for freedom. 5. The country is overpopulated thanks to the businesses that demand cheap labor. 6. Americans only respect those with money, and sell out their beliefs and their culture for such. 7. Religious influences are too strong and affect the nation's better judgement. 8. Schools here are incapable of properly educating students for high-tech careers. 9. It gives Israel billions of military aid a year, and wonders why Muslim terrorists love attacking American buildings and troops. Citizens here keep buying that Muslims want to convert us. Ridiculous. 10. Americans would rather spend billions on their armed forces, military-industrial projects and occupation than for national healthcare and proper roads. 11. Poor Americans buy every Republican lie that globalization and a total free market always works, when in fact it almost always enriches the powerful and impoverishes everyone else. 12. Most Americans, are quite honestly the edgiest, angriest, unfriendliest and most depressing people to ever associate with, and are that way many times for no particular reason. 13. Most Americans think they are free but are really just corporate slaves. 14. You will not believe how many Americans think Canadians live in igloos and drive dog sleds, or that people from the islands, Africa, South America and even Hawaii(!) live in teepees or trees! 15. Americans are selfish backstabbers; they will use any excuse to attack you for their own personal gain. 16. There is no money in America anymore, and probably never was. America's scam is to lie to foreigners that the country is loaded with money, then use them to work as cheap labor. Don't get cheated! I don't know if this country will ever be prosperous again, there are just so many people and more job cuts by our irreverent leaders...get out or stay out if you can! I'm not kidding! For all foreigners, take my warning: This place is not like the movies; stay away. Also, don't judge the place by a visit, it's much worse if you actually live here. There are better places if you must leave your country, try Canada, for example. 