Best part? Its a state of morals! Yes I am proud to be a right winger! One bad thing is even though I am a republican I don't really agree with how they have run this state or their attitudes. There is no help for the poor. There is no help with heatlh care and the state has actualy said "people on mediacaid are driving around in suvs and getting their nails done". They don't care about anyone and if you make $6.00 an hr. they think your rich and that you should be able to support a family. UGH! Its been totally californiacated. Almost 14 years ago my family and I move to North Idaho. It was great! No crime, I took walks at night alone and didn't worry a bit. It was pretty and the people were wonderful until the powers that be started pushing this area as a "resort town". Now crime is extreme. A ton of people some good some not have moved here mostly from s. cal, Az, and Nv. They flaunt there fancy caddys and want to change our way of life {pro hunting, fishing and gun rights} that all of us natives AND transplants believe in. The area was also pushed as "proGay" which could not be further from the truth. It has a been very conservative the whole time we have lived here. The traffic HORRIBLE! You can't do the speed limit anywhere including the freeway! They have built high rises and houses galore. The name of the game here is to please the tourist and the rich and pee on the residents. Everything is high priced NOW and good jobs don't exist. Employers pay as low as they can and nobody has any kind of benefits. Their attitde? "If you don't like it we can always find someone else" Did I mention the crime? Spokane of course adds plenty of their gangs etc. We are moving out of the area as soon as we find another ideal place. This area has definitly went down hill over the past five years or so. But hey I guess it would seem like paradise to those coming from the gang land of so. cal. I mean we only have drive bys once or so a week and theft?? That happens daily. Spokane police don't even answer calls anymore because they don't have the man power. The criminals know it to. Coeur d alene just rakes in the new found wealth and won't put it back into public service so they can't answer calls either. I guess it would be a great place to visit but lock your doors! 