Knoxville Tennessee is about as culturally diverse as a smokey mountain hillbilly. I dont give a flip what anyone says, where 90% of resturants are either Chinese or Italian, Nothing that happens after dark, Roads that are so bad it take s HMMUV to drive around town is not a good area. I have heard the cheers from the politicians and their cronies that we have this or that and that it makes us culturally diverse. WAKE UP1, having two venues in a large city does not make you culturally diverse. There are so many christian conservative laws on the books you cant even buy liquor on Sundays. I watched two Europeans, a guy and a girl almost get arrested at Melton Hill Dam for wearing something any open minded individual wouldnt blink at. I have lived in many countries, and visited over 18 others, and I must say, this is NOT a FREE country. I watched a man that was walking three blocks home from a Pub and the police stopped and arrested him. I guess its easier to hide an open container in the car than it it is walking a few blocks home, and not bothering a soul while in transit. Freedom of Religion here is ok , IF you are Jewish, Christian, Muslim, or any other Abrahamic faith, If you are not of Abrahamic faith you are shunned upon, called devil worshipers and preach to at every chance. Ritual Gatherings are often complained about due to traffic congestion, well, I certainly dont complain about Sunday moring or afternoon traffic and cry to politicians to disallow public gatherings of a non-christian faith due to traffic problems. And we certainly dont bitch about cops rented by churches and synagogs that back up traffic fo rmiles while giving your problems of traffic congestion priority. If thats the case, I am going to hire a police officer to stop traffic wherever I go so I can priority. Myself and hundereds of other like me are sick of the forceably imposed values and beliefs on people. As far as the ten commandments, If they are allowed, then all faiths must be allowed to post their creeds as well. After all, isnt it freedom of religion?