If I could give Texas a rating of less than one, believe me, I would. I currently live in El Paso, the latino heavy border town on the western most tip of Texas. Born and raised here, I must admit I have a certain slight fondness of the hispanic culture this city shoves down your throat. Other than that, this city really blows. It's harder than hell to find a job here--I wouldn't be surprised if it was the hardest place in the world to gain employment. If you do by some miracle actually get a job, the pay is the very lowest they can give (people get really excited to make anything over minimum wage and professional jobs pay extremely little). Because of the low availability of jobs, workers are often very mistreated on the job due to their expendibility . The kids (young adults) are totally unhip and the nightlife is almost nonexistent. Despite the fact that it's a relatively large city with a decent population, the general attitude is quite small-townish . There is absolutely nothing to do here and no room for advancement. (Which is why I'm finally escaping this hell-hole later on this month). As for the rest of Texas--beware! It's full of a bunch of little sh*t towns consisting of ignorant, republican conservative hicks. You'd think Dallas would be cool--it's not. Avoid it at all costs. Houston is a bit better, but not much. (It gets so humid there, you can't even wear makeup or do your hair if you're a girl--it'll all drip away into oblivion two minutes after you go outside. Texas's one redeeming attribute is Austin. Austin is truly a Rose among a desert wasteland of bluebonnets. Austin is quite different from the rest of Texas. It has culture, UTAustin(if you're the college type), annual Bob Marley and Hemp Festivals (if you're the marijuana type), and a great music scene. Here are two things that prove that typical Texas conservatism is at a low in Austin--1. At the yearly Hemp Festival, which takes place on the Capitol's lawn, mind you, people openly smoke pot--and no one cares! 2. It's legal for women to walk around topeless there! (Some feminists got it through--way to go). Anyhow, to sum things up, Texas sucks, El Paso sucks, all the crap towns here suck, but if you must come, then definitely go to Austin.