My husband and I travelled to Belize during April 2005 and stayed at Captain Morgan's Retreat, San Pedra for 4 nights and I have not had a worse vacation than this one. The staff at Captain Morgan are plain rude. Watch out for charges they'll add to your account in the blink of an eye. They have this thing called the Activities Center which is just a way to rip off people in their retreat. If you go and talk to one of staff there, he/she will quote you a price for rentals etc and if you go talk to another person at the same office, they'll quote you a different price. We thought their business was REAL shady. The worst part is that since it is not on San Pedro your options to shop around for deals (for snorkeling, parasailing, Scuba etc) are nill. The first time we signed up with Captain Morgan' for snorkeling was a bad experience. I thought the captain was really inexperienced as all we saw throughout the trip were sting rays. We talked to other people on san pedro and they told us that we missed seeing the sharks, big turtles etc. Captain Morgan's does not have the courtesy to offer complementary rides to their guests to san pedro. The only time it is free is when they are travelling to san pedro for their own purposes or when someone is departing. That is totally insane. One time we had told them that we'll ride with them on one such trips to san pedro and they said ok. When we showed up (Absolutely ON TIME) we were told the boat left. When we checked with the front desk we were told that they had left as we were 5 min late when the clock in their office showed exactly the time in our watch. We finally ended up signing up for all our other activities on san pedro where we got much better deals and service. They run this totally ridiculous service called water taxis. Theoretically the resorts are supposed to provide free shuttle service to their guests from and to the island. Anyways, these water taxis are US $5 one way, so if you're 2 ppl going to san pedro, you'll end up spending US$20 a day and you don't have the flexibility to go back to your room, chill out and make a second trip to san pedro on the same day as the taxis are hourly and it'll cost you every time you take the taxi. The cabanas at captain morgan's is another disastor story. The cleaners are so inefficient and slow. If you want to take a second shower during the day, you'll have to go ask for your towels at the front desk because the cleaners don't get to your room until the end of the day. It is simply ridiculous. Their bathrooms have really poor design. In fact their showers don't even have a soap stand on anything were you can keep your stuff. The sand on the floor is not mopped properly and you can see the dirt on the floor even after they are gone. The food was alright, but over priced. We ended up eating at other restaurants where the food was far superior. Capricorn which is right next to Captain MOrgan's has fine dining and great food and if you're at San Pedro, I recommend THE JERK PIT...they have amazing food. Before we came to Captain Morgan's we stayed at Five Sister's Lodge in San Ignasio and it was a great experience. But for our experience at Captain Morgan's we had a great time in Belize and I thought it was a very beautiful country with great beaches and rich culture. Happy travelling !! 