We got our XBox in September of last year (2002). With it we received one game: Halo. Three months after we received our X-Box, it broke and was no longer able to play DVDs. After taking it in to get fixed, we unfortunately lost all of our data due to the lack of having a removable storage device (such as a memory card). The lack of removeable storage also makes it impossible to bring your data with you if you want to play at a friend's house, lest you do not wish to spend $20 on a memory card. The design is very bulky (more so than every other system in production currently), the controller design is the worst one I have ever held (and being a serious gamer I can realistically claim that I've held almost every one - I've even logged some playing time on the ancient Ataris), that comes close to making it anti-ergonomical. On to games. I'll just come right out and say it: Halo is the only thing keeping the X-Box alive. Dead or Alive is also a variably good game, but you don't see the X-Box winning any Ultimate-RPG, shooter, action, or racing game awards. They simply lack in the game-design department. Playstation has Tetsuya Nomura, Nintendo has Shigeru Miyamoto, X-Box has...*ahem...No one yet. We've all seen the argument before, X-Box is like a downgraded computer. Hate to say it, but after owning one for almost a year, I have to agree. Although it would be difficult to play a game like Halo on the computer, I think it'd be well worth saving the $200 and spending it on an electrical appliance that has more than one function. Companies such as Nintendo and Sony (Playstation) have much to boast about, games (Final Fantasy, Kingdom Hearts, Legend of Zelda), graphics, size (the GameCube's the size of a freaking purse), but almost every X-Box-is-better article I've seen compares one thing: system specs. Undoubtedly, the X-Box's graphics are top of the line, and it is a very powerful (in fact the most powerful) system but what good is it if you don't have any good games?! I believe there is a remote chance X-Box could eventually become a competitor in the gaming industry, given a lot of time, a lot of money, a few good game designers, Nobuo Uematsu, and the crash of Nintendo and a buyout of Sony. But, as things stand right now, the X-Box is simply a bulky, powerful, graphics driven, system with a couple good games that fails to utilize it's full potential.