Simply put, this is not a real next-generation system. In fact, it is laughable in so many ways. The only true improvement--and a truly debtable one at that--is the graphics. Sure, the HD-optimized look graphics wow the user on a TV capable of outputting at 1080p (the normal resolution of a TV is 480i), but on a regular TV they aren't much different. The controller is basically a carbon copy of the previous generation's controller, unlike Nintendo, who has updated and innovated their controller with each passing generation. And, when you think of how INCREDIBELY innovative the Nintendo Revolution controller is, it just pales in comparison. And, how about a little perspective here? The Nintendo Entertainment System lasted six to seven years. The Sega Genesis lasted an amazing nine years. The gap between the X-Box 1 and the X-Box 360? A mere 4 years. Ouch. But, the games, you say! What games? Perfect Dark Zero--a five-year-delayed first person shooter? Madden 2006 with its dry commentary and its reduced presentation? Got anything else? Not really, aside from Ridge Racer 6. No mascot characters, no creative franchises, and nothing really marketable. And, how about the backwards compatability. Only 200 or so games released for the original X-Box play on the X-Box 360. Compare that the capability of the Nintendo Revolution--downloadable NES, SNES, and N64 games along with 100% backwards-compatability with GameCube software AND hardware, and the X-Box 360 can't begin to compare. Imagine the entire Mario legacy on ONE console. The ENTIRE Zelda franchise. EVERY Pokemon console game. Absoultely no contest. And, what's up with the power cord on the X-Box 360? It's HUGE and looks like it could be used as a deadly weapon. Eee gads! And, the price! $400 for the console package and then $60 for a game! Craziness! I've heard that the Nintendo Revolution will almost certaintly launch for $200 or under! Again, Microsoft cannot compare. The X-Box 360 looks to be a total flop in my eyes. Stay tuned for the true next generation of gaming in 2006 and remember, "Viva la Revolution!" 