Oh my God is the first thing that comes to mind. When I relocated to FL, I decided (ignorantly) to open an acct. with a more accessible bank. Little did I know that geopgraphical accessibility does not guarantee mission success, or quality! I'll avoid telling my nightmarish stories, so let me just give you a few reasons to steer clear: 1. Due to the Patriot Act, banks are now more responsible for minimizing identity fraud. Great. Fine. But SunTrust in its most annoying, customer unfriendly manner decides that ANY check you deposit into your acct. (other than the very first one) is held for 10 business days, no exceptions. I forget when this then becomes 5 business days, then 3 business days, etc., but the point being is that for 6 months you better not expect to see a check deposit on-time and in your acct. 2. There is no overdraft protection without acquiring their credit card. Sure, a lot of banks have this, but not all. Why on Earth would you do business with one if it's no good in any other area?? 3. Direct Deposits are not always on time. YES, DIRECT DEPOSITS!!! There was an occasion where I was wondering why my acct. was lower than it should be, only to find out that I had been charged $30.00 for insufficient funds. When I called customer service and asked them where my direct deposit was, they said it doesn't always get credited until 9:00 that business day, NOT 12:01am that day like every other bank/credit union I've had. 4. If you get charged $30.00 for unavailable/insufficient funds, don't expect it to be removed as a customer service favor unless you've had the acct. for 1 year. THIS IS TRUE EVEN IF IT WAS THEIR MISTAKE (see number 3 above). You would think that someone who carries the average monthly balance that I carry would call for some courteous treatment, but nope. 5. If you ever find fraudulent/erroneous charges in your acct. via your check card, DO NOT expect SunTrust to help you out in any way with respect to crediting it back. It takes anywhere from 2-4 WEEKS to see this money in your acct. again, even though MBNA and Capital One, major credit card companies, temporarily remove those charges (and any related finance charges) from your acct. until the situation is permanently settled. Look, I could go on and on. But I do not find it to be ironic that EVERY other person (yes, EVERY other person) that I know that has had a SunTrust acct. has since closed it. Do yourself a favor and join a Credit Union. Eastern Financial, Navy Federal, whatever, just save yourself from this nightmare. 