As our company expanded, our regional bank, BB&T, did not have branches in many cities where we worked. We moved to Wachovia when their sales rep assured us their online system was prompt, friendly and would enable us to track our foremen's debits by card number each day. We monitor job expenses so that we can schedule job starts without risk. BBT provided that routinely. When we discovered Wachovia not provide that, their rep told us about a premium service for $14 per month. Such a deal! However, their premium system provides no more info than their standard service. We still could not see card numbers on the debits. Further, the premium service requires a satellite gizmo to get a code number at each use. How long would that flimsy plastic gizmo last on a construction site next to a laptop using wireless internet service? (Answer: It lasted a couple of days. How many Wachovia customers does it take to see a bank balance? One to view the screen and talk on the phone and one to call the satellite.) After the screen name and pass word and satellite-dictated number are entered, the system asks questions like what is the population of your hometown, what was your childhood address, or any two of 6 or 8 similar questions and you'd just better remember the answer to all of them all the time. This is just to see your debits. We must use this rather than the standard, since, for example, if we have many postings on August 3 and thus exceed their limit per day, then the next time we can see our account details on the standard webpage is after the beginning of September's posting cycle. Further, the total available data span is brief, so you had better copy paste off the page while it is fresh. At BB&T, I could get a full year on their standard customer webpage. NOW, the punchline: On a Saturday, for his birthday, one of our foremen launched a multiday drinking binge with all his new friends. He dipped $900 into our account at ATMs by Tuesday when the records posted. That moring, we called Wachovia to have his card blocked. Allen James said okay, but he needed a faxed statement from the person whose name was on the card. (Try to imagine the consequences of this if we had gotten this foreman a card with his own name on it, as we sometimes do!) I typed a letter and my son signed it hastily as he was leaving the office. At 5:07 PM, half a day later and definitely after the banks had closed, we got a return fax stating the faxed signature did not resemble the signature on file closely enough and the card had not been put on hold. This happened even though Wachovia knew the card was being used to steal from us and we had read them details from the secure website available only to us through an obstacle course of security stumbling blocks. The fax advised us to go to our branch to block the card, although the branch was closed. Upon receiving the fax, we had a heated discussion with a woman at the Wachovia call center who said she was the supervisor of Allen James, but who later said he worked at a different call center and she didn't know him. After other conversations, the card was at last blocked. In spirit as well as actual fact, Wachovia's call center staff was less concerned by the theft than they were about following orders, as in "No, ve vere not in der Party in dose days, ve vere just followink orders." In particular, I noticed on a follow up call the next day that one of the "supervisors" in his voice revealed a smug pleasure at being able to disappear into the big machine and be protected by it while he had his tiny bit of power.