Banks are greedy but Bank of America is the worst. I have had an account with BOA since 1988 and now have 3. One business and 2 personnal. Again, all banks are greedy so why change. Over the years I see how BOA has focused on NSF's and profits. Customer service is nothing more then a buffer to keep the greedy bankers safe and away from having to listen to the public outcry from injustice. I make very good money, so I don't feel sorry for myself or other people that can absorbe a hit and can stand toe to toe with the bank and get there money back. I truely feel sorry for people that work hard for every little red cent they make and the bank takes it away. Some people it ruines and it takes month and even years to recover. (I'm a self employeed consultant. I have done work for just about every kind of company and banks are the truly the greediest) Years back they used to wave overdraft's less than 5 bucks, no matter how many you have. The also used to tell you that it was to teach you a lesson untill that became absolutly absurd to even say outloud. They also used to process the smaller transactions first and then the biggest so that you wouldn't incure so many overdraft's. Do your research on the net, you will find that there are companies that work with banks to give them advice and help on how to collect more NSF's. Think about it, it was one thing to hand write a check when you didn't have any money in your account but to let you continue to charge on your debt card and then charge you for a NSF on each transaction, regardless of the amount. Overtime I have almost made it a game to follow the straight and stringent rules that keep you from getting blind sided. My best advice is - keep a close eye on your account and don't take anything for granted. If you incure an injust charge, do some research and laws and the "Truth and lending act" about diclosures of information and fee's. Then call them and stand toe to toe asking for there suppervisors until you get someone that will help you. Eventually you will get your money back. I leave you with this - for every moran that logs on and places a statement that it's your account and it's your responsibilty so it's your fault. Scr_w you. It's one thing to play by the rules but BOA changes the rules in such a way without notice that it alway hurts the consumers just to make a buck. That's Greed.