Quick aside: I've tried to post this thing three times.. this website sucks, i give it 1 star for not being user friendly. Don't type out your reviews and then try to post + log in - you will loose everything. Anyhoo, on to BOA. This weekend I went to a concert in Ft. Worth Texas and forgot to stop by my local BOA branch to withdraw the necessary funds. I didn't really care all that much as there was a BOA branch right down the street from the venue as well as an Albertson's with a BOA ATM. The banks ATM was out of service.. Shucks. I headed over to Albertsons and their ATM was out of service as well. (WTH?!) Being that my friends band was playing in about 10 minutes I decided to use the ATM in the gas station across the street from the venue. The ticket was $10 and beers were $2.00 until 10pm so I figured $20 would be more than enough to get me through a couple of bands before I decided it was time to head home.. I already had my girlfriends ticket so I didn't have to worry about her at all. The service charge at the ATM was $2. After my friends band played their set my girlfriend decided she wanted some merchendise and sent me back to the ATM so I could buy her a T-shirt. I withdrew another $20 (total $40 so far) to buy us each a T-shirt (and myself another beer) and decided that she might want more than a T-shirt and withdrew the last $20 for insurance. $60 in-pocket, $6 in fees, $1 in bank. -- 1 Day Later The next day (Monday) I checked my bank acount to make sure I still had that dollar as it was my last line of defense until this Friday when I get paid. I was shocked to see that I was in the red $104. I checked my statement and saw 6 transactions 3 of which I was un-aware of. $22x3 - On the Run Exxon ATM $2x3 - On the Run Exxon ATM I called Customer Support and asked the rep. the meaning behind these $2 debits. She informed me that BOA charges a fee of $2 for using competetors ATMs. She said it was my responsibility as a customer to review the banks policies on ATM usage. I asked her who's responsibility it was to make sure their ATM's are in working order and that I tried to be as loyal as possible by exhausting BOA's resources in that immediate area. To which I got no direct response (I didn't expect one) she said that she couldn't help me because it was my fault for using a third-parties ATM. The charges are final.. Thank you for using Bank of America.. click So I'm stuck in a debate on whether or not BOA is going to recieve their Visa CC bill this month. Being that they already extrapolated it in all the OD fees. I mean come on.. a $6 fee.. that I obviously couldn't avoid ended up costing me $104 - which will probably be compounded on top of an extended OD fee before I get paid on Friday. Either way - the siphon of cash has begun. Yes I could have saved myself the time by doing one large withdraw as opposed to 3 small ones.. But I would have saved even more if BOA had been on top of their shit and had functional equipment on premise. Saving enough money, on a tight-as-it-is budget, to take my girlfriend out to a local concert once in a while is hard enough being fresh out of college with two car payments/insurance (mine and hers), the apartment and all associated bills, college loans to pay off.. being dicked by the bank just adds to the complication and insures that it's going to be a long time before I have the opportunity to do something like that again. Thanks BOA ;) You ***ing suck. 