I have just had the worst experiance ive ever had banking with these assholes! I have been a Wells Fargo customer for 3 years, never overdrew and never had a overdraft fee. So up until about a week ago, I thought wells fargo was a great bank. I had been depositing the same third party checks into the ATM every two weeks for the last 2 years. Never thought twice about it. Nobody ever said that it was against there policy. Then last week I did the same as usual, and put the same check in the same fashion that I always do. Waited for it to go through online before I started to purchase anything. Because I am the kind of person that likes to play it safe. The check went through and showed a possitive balance of 300 dollars. So I put gas in the car, baught diapers for the baby, paid off a few bills I owed, and basicly made a bunch of purchases here and there. Next thing I know I go online and to my surprize my balance is at -333.00. I am utterly shocked! There are 6 overdraft fees, and it shows that the check that had cleared had been pulled back out of my account resulting in utter chaos. I was scared to death. I called the bank and tried to find out what was going on, and what happened to the check I put in. They said that it had been pulled out because it was not bank policy to deposit third party checks. I knew this was ridiculous considering that I had done it 100 times before. I brought in proof that the bank had in fact exepted my checks for the last 2 years, leading me to believe that there was no problem with this. I asked them to reverse the fees, and they refused! They said the only way that they could do that is if it was due to bank error. I was furious. I said what the hell do you call this! They did nothing to help me. I had to call the bank 6 times to try and find out where my check was being sent to and every one of them had a different answer. I think this bank has left me emotionally drained, and I wish that I had the power to shut down the whole damn corp. I strongly caution anyone not to get involved with this bank. Oh yeah did I mention they gave me another overdraft fee for calling them! They failed to mention that they charge 1 dollar everytime that you use the 1 800 number to reach them.