Here’s the run down: I made at total of 12 purchases, all of which over drafted: 2 on the 12/16, 7 on 12/19, 1 on 12/20, 2 on 12/21. 1)My debit card was denied on 12/22. That’s when I discovered there was insufficient funds in the account. 2)The first 2 overdrafts posted on my account on 12/19 not the day of the original overdraft. 3)I never received overdraft notification in the mail until 12/27. I am sure this occurred only after by a customer rep, on 12/23, said that I have to sign up on-line to receive such notifications. 4) I use online banking and never receiving emails about what was happening. 5)I did not receive a phone call, which was the way Fleet did it, alerting me. I was assured by B. of A. that all my services would be the same with the exception of fee changes for certain services. 6) I was not made aware of overdraft policies offered by B of A upon its acquisition of my account. I know ultimately I am at fault. I mistakenly paid my credit card twice, $400 and $500, between 11/ 23 and 12/12,having forgetten.As one Bank of America rep told me, I should have been keeping track of my account online. I told her that I did, the bank kept paying for 12 purchases before I knew that there was even a problem. Transactions show up later than they should(as describe in a previous post). She also assumed that I have constant access to a computer. Can the bank do this?? Legally, can they pay 12 purchases, not notify me for 11 days after the first overdraft, and charge me $31 for 10 and $34 for the last two? Can they not make me aware of overdraft protection in writing upon taking over Fleet, but hold me accountable? One blogger said that if you don’t sign up for overdraft protection BOA automatically puts you in a system called “THE MATRIX” which pays for debit card transactions, then cahrges you NFT fees accordingly. The bank does not alert you, they just do it. Is there anything I can do? Before I go, in response to bank employees and managers, the consumer allows banks the use of their money to protect and grow everyones' investments. How dare banks charge us fees for use of our own money? I do know that certain services require additonal cost to maintain; however, banks make their largest non profit/interest money from overdraft and NFT fees. So, there is no doubt that so many irrate customers exist. In my case, should I be charged over $370 in overdraft charges, when a simple email or phone call would have stopped me? That is why I signed up for online banking and not paper notification. Quick easy results! What if a theif was using my card? The practices banks use undermine the customer more so than ever. The banks' business is that of making money, but it should be by screwing with customers' money. Without us you have no business. 