I have a relative who is upper management with Well's Fargo. I've heard firsthand her stories about the bank. She and I have had many discussions on what is and isn't customer service. Anyhow, my conclusion about her after watching her climb the corporate ladder with them is that she has become a cold, selfish and desenitised corporate monkey. Her attitudes toward the customers that they are supposed to be servicing are absolutely disgusting. This very attitude is epidemic amongst Well's Fargo employees. Her attitudes and utter contempt toward Well's Fargo customers are the very same attitudes that I've had the misfortune of dealing with on nearly every occasion in which I've had to call customer service. This bank, and especially its employees are an absolute disgrace. They make me physically ill. I cannot even begin to put into words my utter disgust with these people. I can fill pages with horror stories from friends and family about their experiences with this bank. Not to mention to numerous stories of how my relative made that customer look like an idiot or her comments about what retards, morons, idiots, losers, roaches, etc. Well's Fargo customers are. Sickening! Anyone who continues to do business with this company is putting their trust in a timebomb. Things might be alright for a while, but the first time you really need their help- good luck. More than likely, you'll pay dearly for trusting your money to them. After I submitted this rating I ran across aperfect example of the attitudes shared by Wells Fargo Employees: http://badbusinessbureau.com/reports/ripoff61736.htm Following is a post from a Wells Fargo Employee: Lisa, I must say that your little message was quite hilarious. I am an lead teller at Wells Fargo Bank (and damn proud) and atleast once a day I get bitched and screamed at for people getting charged overdraft charges! when I straight up, tell them like it is, they usually walk out the door with their tail between their legs. If the OD charges are due to WF's error/fault, they will refund 100% of the charges(just a little FYI) Apparently, you must have a lot of OD's and not a very good relationship with WF, because they will honor everyone with a few good will reversals... I think that your message is hilarious because: a) YOU CAN'T SPEND MONEY YOU DON'T HAVE!! Just because you have an ATM and Check card, doesn't mean you have unlimited money. b) you will be charged for spending money that you don't have. Overdraft fees are the deterrent for getting people to stop writing bad checks. Did you know that knowingly writing bad checks is illegal?! WOULD YOU WANT TO RECIEVE A BAD CHECK FROM SOMEONE?!?! Also...the bank makes A LOT of money charging people like yourself, OD fees. If it was your buisness, and you were making that kind of money, would you stop peoples transactions from going through when they didn't have enough money, and lose profits?? c)You don't get a transaction approval code..you get a recipt and if you read it closely, it will say something to the extent of I agree to pay company name the above price for the business/service and then you sign it, at which point you are legally bound to honor that contract. d)Apparently you can not keep track of your finances, because you don't know how much is in your account to begin with, so you know what you can afford to spend (I don't have pity for you) e) I find it amazing that you can use your debit card at a store, and then IMMDIATELY go online and see your balances. Hmmm...unless you have a pocket computer or something, I find that hard to believe. f) It is not wells fargos responsibility to maintain your check register for you. If you cant do it yourself, I would suggest hiring an acountant or something. Then you wouldn't have to spend all the money you have on your OD's. g) don't expect an answer from Dick. Hes too busy with other things than to listen to your oh woe is me tale. I find it absolutely hilarious that you included a picture in front of wells fargo, boycotting. How many people are there with you? Oh wait...just you. There are millions of other SATISFIED customers the bank with WF. Your kids don't have enough money to eat huh? well maybe if you just stopped eating all the food, then they could eat. Goodnight, and I hope you will learn how to use a calculator, stop spending money that you don't have, and quit bitching and complaining about something that is your own damn fault!!!!!!!!!!! Jenny - Minneapolis, Minnesota U.S.A. No matter who's right or wrong, this kind of unprofessional behavior is EXACTLY what I was talking about before. 