Bank Of America truly SUCKS!!! as a bank....Not just because of the insane over draft fees they charge you,the horrible customer serivice lines and their insensitivity to their customers situation.Oh and the fact that their only worried about getting your money. I have more than my share of stories of bad experiences I've had with Bank Of America. But I'm going to share the one that truly set me off and had me at war with Bank Of America. This was maybe a year ago, I had opened up an account with Bank Of America probably no more than 7 months ago. I had gone on a trip out of state and some how my wallet got misplaced or stolen. So the first thing I think to myself is that I need to close my account so that whom ever finds my wallet wont be able to take my money. So I proceed to call BAnk of America, the customer service rep was actually polite and seemed understanding as I explained what happened but come to find out, I would have to go in person to a bank to actually close my account but he put my account on alert that myu card was missing.Because it was a weekend I had to wait until the next business day which was a Monday.So I go in early that morning and explain to one of the Bank Of America associates what happened, so he takes me to the office where we proceed to take the steps to closing my account. Note: he never asked me if I had any pending transactions on my card. But I close my account transfer my funds to a new account and go on my merry way. 3 months later I start recieving threatening letters in the mail from BOA about some account that has been deliquent for several months and all this time I'm confused so after maybe the third letter I decide to call customer service. So I explain to the rep about the letters and how I'm not sure what their talking about because form my records I shouldn't be owing anything. And then she sates that three months ago 42.50 posted to the account that I had close and I said that's impossible because I closed that account unless the theif that stole my card made a purchase. And then she explains that the account actually wasn't closed because I had a transaction pending. So I ask the customer service rep why did the asssoiate that helped me tell me that my account was closed? And she says she doesn't know....And basicaslly says the only option I have remaining is to pay off the debt or I will be sent to the credit bureau or possibly prosecuted.At this point I'm alarme, so I explain to her that I wasn;t aware of this deliquent account for all these months and how I just started recieving letters fromt them and also that now I was unemployed and unable to pay it off. So she just tells me to try and borrow some money and pay it off so I curse her out and hang up.So I call back and ask to speak to a manager and I explain the situation and the manager basically tells me that even though the assosiate failed to do their job properly I still ha dto reap the consequenes of their mistakes so again I curse out the manager and hang up. And basically what happens after that is that I have to call my mother down from out of state and contact my lawyer and I sit down with one pf the big BOA reps for a good two hours in which we are arguing and finally he admits to their fault and now only pays the damn overdrafted balance himself but treats my mother and I to dinner.Which goes to show you have to show your ass just to get a response out of this stupid bank. That is one of many horror stories I have with this bank and I can't stand them and hope they get what they deserve.