On July 19, 2005, I signed a Residential Sale and Purchase Contract agreeing to purchase a property in Pompano Beach, Florida. The week prior to my trip to Florida, I had stopped in to speak with Financial Specialist, Valbona Keja-Dasilva who agreed to handle the mortgage. In fact, I called several times trying to get hold of Val that week to see what type of interest rate I could get for this mortgage. When finally I did get hold of her, she gave me a good rate, and I asked her to go ahead and begin the process because the property was identified, and the contract was signed. I made Val aware that the closing date on the property was set for September 9, 2005. On July 25, 2005, I stopped in to see Val at the Wachovia Bank at Rittenhouse Square, Philadelphia. (I have been a customer at this branch for over 12 years.) I again relayed to her that the closing date was to be September 9. Everything seemed to be moving along smoothly. I received the following, dated July 23, 2005: Credit Score Disclosure Good Faith Estimate Affiliated Business Arrangement Disclosure* Transfer of Servicing Disclosure Statement* Buying Your Home (pamphlet) Truth In Lending Disclosure Anti-Coercion Notice* Notice To Purchaser* * ITEMS THAT WERE SIGNED AND IMMEDIATELY RETURNED (so that my closing would not be delayed) I also received a letter dated August 11, 2005, indicating that additional information was needed, and requesting me to contact Val at her number, 215-790-7007. I called Val who told me that she needed proof of Insurance on the property. August 16, I faxed a copy of my Insurance documents to both Vals fax (215-790-9106) and also a copy to Wachovia Bank, National Association (1-866-222-5116), as indicated in the letter I received. Everything seemed to be moving along smoothly. I made arrangements to take my last week of vacation starting September 8, 2005 and return to work on Wednesday, September 14. I would stay one night in a hotel, and my closing would be the next morning. This would give me 5 nights in my new vacation home. I made arrangements for some contractors to meet me on Tuesday morning (September 13) so that they could begin some renovations after I left on Wednesday. However On Wednesday, September 7, 2005, (two days before our closing date, the day before we are to leave for Florida) Frank, my roommate, and co-borrower on the mortgage, stopped in to see Valjust to confirm that everything was in order. Val informed him that noyou cant close this Friday. We havent gotten the appraisal done yet. Val proceeded to tell Frank that she cant order the appraisal until she gets copies of the 1031 formsshe also told Frank that she had asked me repeatedly for these forms. This was a blatant lie! Val also told Frank that she informed me the day before that we would not be closing Friday...another lie. Val has never asked me for any 1031 forms. Anything that she requested I faxed or mailed the day I got her request. In fact during this month and a half of processing time, I had placed several calls to Val to make sure she had everything she needed, and to be sure that everything was going smoothly. 99% of the time, Val would not return my calls. The only time I would actually get to speak with her is if she personally answered the phone, which seemed to be a rare occasion. I called the Wachovia branch, and asked for the Branch Manager to see if anything could be done to get this situation expedited. I was connected with Brian Gettig. Brian listened to the situation and asked me to give him some time to see what he could do. Brian was able to get the order for the appraisal expedited. (He didnt seem to need my 1031 documentation. I asked if he needed them. I would have faxed them immediately.) The appraisal was done the next morning; however, the appraisal company apparently needs 2 or 3possibly 4 days to get the package together and forwarded to the underwriters or the back-office (Im not quite sure how this process works). And everybody knows they wont be working on my project over the weekend. Given the fact that this is such a small amount of money being requested, I am very surprised, and disappointed that Wachovia (Val), knowing that Frank and I together have enough money in our [joint] accounts at Wachovia (as well as a $70,000.00 annuity that was purchased through Val), could not have gotten this approved and pushed through given the circumstances. If I was in her position, and I had known that I had dropped the ball, I would have escalated this predicament to someone who had the authority to approve the loan so that the customer has his closing on time. Wachovia is a huge corporation and there is someone who has the authority to do this. This mortgage process was handled very, very poorly. I am very distraught and disappointed in the way my mortgage request was handled by Valdona Dasilva. 