Wachovia Sucks... Check out my wife's Story... She wrights a check for rent and puts th 08/05/05 for the date Our Landlord took the check to the bank which she said is the same bank... The bank takes the check and deposits the check by machine and it cashed the check. Apparently the machine doesnt check for the date on the checks Obviously she was charged an NSF twice = $60.00 overdraft on the account. My wife discovers this and decides to call Customer Service. She explains the situation and the representative states that its not their fault. Obviously the conversation became very heated I see my wife as correct weather or not she is wrong But in this case I have 10 years experience working Phone jobs that included State Farm (Nothing but good to say. ?), Washington Mutual, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Concord Band, Medicare CMS, and many others Ive been a phone jackass and a manager at some. Therefore I asked to speak to the lady and explain to her some of my opinions to her. So hear goes my story The first part should be steps you want to remember for the rest of your life in dealing with Telemarketers, Customer Service, Collections, Cell Phone Companies or what ever. Step 1. ) Get the Name of the REP! Preferably in the beginning before the conversation goes sour. This will provide you with a call back name. But who are we kidding Youll have no chance in hell of talking to the same person twice. The real reason you do this is to send the message to the representative: Hey! I know your name and your employee ID and if you start messing with me, Ill be able to pin you. Step 2.) After getting the reps name ask them for their Managers name and employee ID. Preferably at the beginning of the call! Even if you havent had an issue yet Once again this provides with names you may not need. But more importantly it sends the message to the representative: Hey! I HIS/HER name and your employee ID and if you dont think Im serious about receiving good customer service Ill pin you both! Step 3.) Now you can start to talk (Suddenly you are taken seriously. And suddenly I get back to the story.) The Representative tells me that because the machine took the transaction that the bank (who owns the machine now) is not responsible for the error. I explained to the Rep. the whole idea of the post dated check and told her a little side story that happened at on of their banks. One day I tried to cash a work check that was made out for the next day and for some strange reason they wouldnt let me do it. I asked her why then if a person is writing a check and the bank cashes the check should their be any difference She replied. Thats because humans would not make that mistake and machines do. So I said. Then you will say that this is identified as a mistake and not a Feature of your machine. She replied YES So then why is the customer liable for the machines mistake. In fact. What if in the future I write a check for $100 Dollars and I put it through The Machine and it has a so called Feature that decides I forgot to put down 99/100 Ninty-nine cents over a hundred, and cashes the check. Is that my error? No reply. So I said. Do you have proof? She said. Yes. I said. Mail it to me. Mean while I asked her this question. I want you to ethicly tell me not from a numbers game or something. Ethicly tell me that the customer is wrong. Is this ethicly right? She said. Yes! I said. Well Miss Sleep on that tonight because I dont think your really telling me the truth when you know that Wachovia is paying for your house and food and family so I dont want you to answer that question. The answer is clear. With all that said I want to add a story from a book called: Business Trends: Cultivating a business in Diverse, Global Environments. Pg 104 When someone tipped of a San Diego State University instructor that one of his classes was getting the answer keys to his quizzes from classes held earlier in the day, he tested the students honesty by scrambling the questions. A full third of the students simply wrote the answers form the pirated test key. In fact. Some of the dishonest students, who subsequently flunked the course, said the instructor should have shared the blame because giving the same test to different classes was negligent and stupid. Apparently they thought they didnt have a choice but to cheat since the teacher didnt make it impossible for them to do so. What course was it? Business Ethics! So Wachovia You think I should be responsible for the NSF because I didnt make it impossible for you to abuse my trust. And additionally abuse my money? Hmmm Well I guess Ill have to make it impossible for you to abuse my money and trust and Ill be advising to take my wife to Vystar Bank which is were I went when I ditched your bank. 