I would not even give Esurance one star! I agree with everyone who says Esurance sucks. I wish we could get the message out so that others could be warned. I thought buying a policy online would be fast and hassle-free but the past 4 weeks have been nothing but a pain. I simply do not have time for this nonsense. I certainly do not want to waste the little free time I have dealing with these idiots. It seems the company just wants to take your money and run. Forget about what is good for or important to the customer. Esurance provides the worst customer service I have ever dealt with. The WORST!!!! The csr's do their little part, whether it be typing a notation or sending an email, and think this is good enough. They think that they have done all they could and the problem is out of their hands. Nobody goes out of there way to actually resolve the issue at hand. Why don't they put me on hold and call someone or better yet get up out of their chairs and actually talk to someone. I am all for technology but their system is living proof that fully automated is no way to run a company. Information simply gets forwarded to the next incapable person. My emails and phone calls were "documented" but nobody reacted to them. I am constantly having to check on things and get back to them, as if I was the customer service rep. They should be paying me! Information I had sent (mailed, emailed and faxed) is always being "requested" or "processed". It was even lost at one point. They were not even able to tell me if a fax was received for 3 days. And then it had to be processed?!! It seems Esurance does not care about their customers because the company as a whole is doing so well and growing so fast and they know other suckers will come along. As easy and fast as it was to sign on with Esurance, after not even a month I am already looking to get out. I would rather pay a little more and deal with people who are actually able to take care of me and actually resolve issues in a timely manner. Let this be a warning to all: Stay away from Esurance! I am going to forward this information to the BBB in hopes of stopping the company of taking advantage of others.