As a former Progressive Insurance customer, I can now say that I have no desire to support a company who calls a former client a liar, a fool, and refuses to cover the medical costs for a victims hardship. I believe that any ethical and legitimate company who is making over 300 million dollars in net profit a year and touts superlative customer service would cover their driver's negligence by having their victims' medical expenses paid. My neighbour and I were struck by a car whose driver had Progressive insurance, not only was Progressive staunch in their position that we were at fault, but once we were awarded the PIP and the bodily injury claims- our medical expenses still superceded their "benefits!" This only goes to show that they lack integrity, honesty, and a progressive stand on making sure that their victims care is ensured. Progressive Insurance is not what its name advertises- it ought to be Conservative Insurance, the brand that victimises their vicims through inaction, and character defamation in order to avoid paying benefits. I am disapointed with the entire industry honestly- it will only pay out on the minimum requirement possible, its slow to act on its part, and making the process as bureaucratic and complicated as possible only enforces the utility of attornies who only eat more of the profit margin and drag out proceedings longer. So what can Progressive do?? BE PROGRESSIVE!!! Take care of your victims, as they may become Progressive customers of the future, and don't make false acusations against the victims- havent they been through enough? Being hit by a car is enough trauma without the fiscal, and bureaucratic attitudes that insurance companies take. I was a Progressive Insurance customer until I decided that car ownership wasnt as feasible for me as I dwell downtown in a city- I began to use public transit and rely on walking. Its more cost effective, its healthier, more evironmentally and socially responsible and less stressful to be a non car owner. From the HORRIBLE experience of having to deal with health care providors, attornies, Progressive claim adjustors as a result of this accident, I am confident that I will be an unlikely Progressive Insurance customer again. I never had any issues when I used their service, but being on the other end of it as a victim who was crossing in a cross walk with the right of way- I experienced an entirely different perspective. I have been a victimised victim. NO ONE Should have to go through this EVER! 