I made an error when registering and put Kevin Spacey instead of MY name. Here is what I have to say about Kevin beside, I LOVE him. Kevin Spacey is the epitome of an actor. He carries an essence that is uniquely his own. Having seen his performances from televisions Wiseguy to the movies American Beauty I can honestly say that never before have I seen someone who can completely immerse himself and the viewer in a story. My only regret is not seeing him in The Iceman Cometh . He becomes that character. His range can carry him from comic escapades to a serial killer that has you feeling sorry for him wondering what atrocities must have happened to make him that way. Comedy is by far the hardest to carry off and Spacey's natural wit brings it to the screen with the ease of taking a breath of air. From his unassuming character in the Usual Suspects (only to realize his intellegence is far greater than anyone expected) to the flamboyant cop who dies winning your heart in L. A. Confidential (by far the best 'death scene'I have ever seen performed to date). During interviews and on talk shows this multi-faceted actor reels you in and you find yourself listening carefully to every word. You certainly wouldn't want to miss one of his spontaneous quips. Kevin has by far the most gorgeous, devilish smile and mischievious twinkle in his eyes. He is brilliant, intellectual, charming, witty, devestatingly handsome and totally captivating. The range of his voice can bring you from comic relief to anger and sarcasim in a heart beat. Spacey's facial expressions reveal everything he is feeling yet is as secretive as the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. When immersed in a role, he is feeling everything his character is. Kevin Spacey is comfortable with himself and yet seemingly humble, as was shown during his acceptance speech at the Oscars for winning best actor . So surprised and taken aback, he was practically at a loss for words. He spoke only from his heart. The man is totally real and witty. Why haven't more people realized the man as the Sexiest Man Alive . Well, that is because he has you so wrapped up in his character THAT is what you remember about him. Look deeper, there is a gorgeous, whitty, charming man hiding behind the characters he plays. Ya gotta love that man....MiMi Barbuto 