Again, my comment was too long for this site and had to therefore make another name. Have fun. I am Shapow. Sunglazd...Are you a glazed doughnut? Or did the glaze just run into your eyes, as you feebly and blindly reached for the right keys on the keyboard to type on? Because, personally, I don't think you hit the right keys... MooseKarloff-Is that your name? Moose? Or is it a limp and uninspiring attempt at a stage name for your movie that you haven't yet learned the talent for making? Are you a woman? Because, if you are, I can see why you are jealous...and if you are a male...are you gay? And, why in the world did you watch another movie with her in it if you hated the first? Shouldn't you have expected something horrible? Then again, I don't blame you for not expecting something horrible...maybe because she is NOT horrible...hmmm... Lindsay_chic-Lindsay...What can I say? I would have to agree with you in NO POSSIBLE WAY!! I think what you are trying to say is, I think she is normal, has a great nose, and she is how she is. So, if she is too skinny, it's in a fit way-not an anorexic way, and that you wish you were her... *Uses Star Trek mind meld on Lindsay_chic* HarryWaters...you know, I sat down today at the computer to check my mail, and contemplated whether or not I wanted to play billiards. As I contemplated, I heard about the upcoming interview with Nicole Kidman. (Understand friend, that I had also checked up on the strong abundance of comments left on Nicole Kidman's board, and had found yours.) So, I decided to check this out. You know, do a little investigation, and watched this so-called stinky, unnatural woman toss her hair around, trying to look cute...As my expecting eyes saw the unexpected, I sat in shock, replaying your comment in my head, growing even more sick of all the lies you spun in a nice little web here. Not only did she look natural-AND cute, to add to the humiliation I must bestow upon you, but she was wonderfully real. (Don't be afraid to admit you were humiliated by my vast array of countercomments I throw at you...) And, if you believe 'to each his own,' then why are you saying anything about her? 'To each his own,' means you shouldn't be commenting, because it should be to her own to comment on herself, no? Personally, I'd rather see YOU put on a dress and dance on a table in my living room, in provocative ways, when I am not there, than know of your existing comment. But, we all run into these little annoyances, don't we? (Mind you, I never did research this, I just like to give everyone who decides to be irrational in their comments, about people doing things in their lives, the blunt of my annoyance and negative emotions that course through my body as my teen years progress...I hate being lovesick, yet I love it as well...) Salma's man...You couldn't get Salma if you tried, considering you'd probably puke on her thinking about Nicole Kidman and Avril Lavigne, because you seem to do this a lot...considering you ARE dragging on and on, boring as hell, might I add, about the two being damn ugly. My good gracious, child, you sound like a farmer...'damn ugly?' Yup, farmer material...and oh my, this is NOT a good sign!! Your grammar and spelling give me reason to believe you have a condition called 'Gramatacitis,' which has traveled through your body, and has quickly head to your posteriors, or fingers, and has resulted in spasms we like to call spasmic mispells. These spasms also cause one to lie. We have been led to believe, through many tests, that you should take one to three doses of ametaphinecola, to help the spasms, and see a phsyciatrist about these pragmatic lies. Lynntabatha, uhm, yesh, dearest? May I inquire you to SHUT UP? Because, besides your ability to lie, you suck. 