I first found Ralph Fiennes in Steven Spielberg's adaptation of Thomas Keneally's novel Schindler's List. Ralph Fiennes was nominated for Supporting Actor for his role as Amon Goeth the sadistic concentration camp commander. Ralph(pronounced Rafe) managed not only to embody the evil of the Nazi party, but also infuse the character with a strange, and intoxicating, charisma. Indeed, this performance allowed the audience to understand, at least a little, to why people followed the Nazi propaganda machine. This was far and away the best performance of 1993 for which he garnered several awards including the British academy award for best supporting actor along with awards from the National board of review. Fiennes followed the role with Quiz Show and Strange Days - both were critical success'(The latter becoming somewhat of a cult film) and gave the audience 2 new wildly different characters. Both Roles proved that Fiennes could stretch beyond the sadist. Then Came The English Patient, a sprawling epic that again allowed Fiennes to play a different character and stretch his acting muscle in an entirely different manner. The Critical success of the film catupulted him into the Intelligent Woman's leading Man Status. The beautiful Oscar and Lucinda opened up late in 1997 and seem to have been missed by audiences and many critics. None the less Fiennes portrayed Oscar Hopkins...a misfit with a gambling addiction who falls in love with Lucinda Leplastrier(Cate Blanchett). Again, the performance took Fiennes in a new direction allowing him to drop, for the time being, the rugged leading man image. He suffered a blow in the film remake of the hit British series The Avengers . Thi time playing the famed John Steed. The disasterous film flopped, but Fiennes' performance came out unscathed. This would allow his name to come up in future discussions to be the next James Bond. This alone is a remarkeable compliment considering the horrendous failure of The Avengers. Then came the Re-Make of the Graham Greene novel The End of the Affair. Fieenes takes on the role of a brooding writer that can not get over his love for his friends wife. A very underrated performance that none the less received acclaim in Britain. In Sunshine, Ralph played three men through 3 generations of the Sonnenszhein(SP?) Family. Fiennes won the best actor award(in Europe) for his performance in this beautiful Canadian-Hungarian epic spanning more than 50 years of this Hungarian/Jewish family. Ralph Fiennes is simply one of the world's Fiennest actors. Like Anthony Hopkins, Fiennes can dissapear in the character...and can not be typcast. And I have not even got to his strength...The Stage where he has won so many best actor awards he probably needs another house to put them in. 