How much of Garfield's own life experiences came to bear in his portrayals is for others better informed to state. What is not in question is the deep understanding that he conveyed in most of his dramatic roles. That first striking performance in 'Four Daughters' (1938) must have meant a significant challenge to Sinatra's own interpretation of the same character - a successful one, at that, fortunately - in the 1954 remake, 'Young at Heart'. In that Garfield's participation in 'They Made Me a Criminal' (1939), 'Body and Soul' (1947) and 'Force of Evil' (1948) might have seemed a matter of typecasting should not detract from the the fact that he, more so than any other contemporary actor could have, made the stories work. Female moviegoers responded to the sensibility of his characterizations but males identified fully to his conviction on the screen, so much so that, in assigning to him in 1943 a relatively small part in 'Destination Tokyo', Warner Bros. would seem to have intended to exploit the forcefulness of his screen persona to motivate American youths to enlist in the war effort. Compare Garfield's against Jack Nicholson's portrayal in their versions of 'The Postman Always Rings Twice', 1946 and 1981, respectively, and it will become apparent the degree to which Garfield's greed and libidinal motivations are rendered with easy authenticity whereas Nicholson's own seem elusive. Which may be why it seems not in character for Garfield to have played a less than combative victim of racial discrimination in 'Gentleman's Agreement' (1947). A few promising actors, like Garfield, disappeared at a too early age. But they all made their mark among their colleagues, some like Robert Walker and John Hodiak, now largely forgotten; others, like James Dean, still remembered through their early accomplishments. Director John Huston's neglected 'We Were Strangers' (1949) was finally restored on DVD and Garfield's contribution, two years before his untimely demise at age 39, should not be ignored. 