This multi-talented man was so far ahead of his time very few people understood him even in his heyday. Welles, the son of an inventor and concert pianist, was a child prodigy who was gifted in several of the arts most notably as musician, painter and magician. Not surprisingly, he possessed a wild, free thinking nature and turned down college to travel and pursue the arts. In the late 1930 s he formed the Mercury Theatre on the Air - the most notable radio production of which was the famous (or infamous) War of the Worlds . He went on to become involved in film production on all levels and, in the process, become a genuine Renaissance man. Throughout his lifetime - in a career that would span over 50 years - he would become a successful actor, narrator, writer, editor, cinematographer, art director, producer, as well as a groundbreaking film director with a sensitive eye and extraordinary ability to find something fascinating in the mundane. Though his most well known directorial and acting effort no doubt was the thinly disguised biopic based on the life of newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst Citizen Kane (1941), he also gave us many other very engaging and unusual films. Among these lesser known but still excellent - films is my personal favorite The Magnificent Ambersons (1942). Based on a book by Booth Tarkington, this engaging film features talented Mercury Theatre players Joseph Cotton and Agnes Moorehead. The Magnificent Ambersons is a non-typical portrayal of turn of the century America and how one family in particular is affected as the gilded age crashes headlong into the industrial age. Overall, his directorial efforts like nearly everything else he put his hand to resulted in some outstanding and remarkable gifts to posterity. The subject matter he chose to depict and the very expert way he pulled it off certainly stood well apart from almost everything else being done at the time. This man had talent, vision and did more with it in one lifetime than most of us could do in ten. He was definitely one of the great geniuses of the 20th century.