Montgomery Clift is a great actor and one of the best of his generation and is very underrated while a great actor like James Dean is overrated but deserving. Clift played in 17 films from an 18 year period from 1948-1966. When you think of actors that potrayed confused, dark, rebellios youths and young adults many don't realize or give credit to Clift and Robert Mitchem for doing it before Marlon Brando, and James Dean. Many people don't know the reason why Clift hasn't been in a lot of films is because he would turn down script after script thrown at him including On the Waterfront, and East of Eden. He also was thrown movie offers when he was doing Broadway. He was a challenging actor and would say the scripts were crap. His first film released was the Search which he was nominated for a Best Actor Oscar for playing a G.I. from world war 2 who wants to adopt a czech orphan in germany but the boy reunites with his mother who's searching for him and reunite at the end and then in his second film and first performance he had the guts to challenge the Duke John Wayne in Howard Hawk's Red River. He plays an orphaned cowboy and becomes Waynes adopted son and they are trying to bring cattle to Texas he takes over the cattle form Waynes demand on everybody and at the end they duke it out and split it. Alfred Hitchcock's I, Confess he play a Jesuit priest who's put on the stand to tell the truth about a murder incident. One of his best films and my favorite was his performance in George Steven's 1951 classic A place in the sun with Elisabeth Taylor this was the first of their few films together and they click together. He is torn between an old lover Shelly Winter's who's poor and is pregnant and the young woman of his dreams Taylor and murder's Winter's to get Taylor. From Here to Eternity he should have gotten the Oscar for playing the tough Army Boxer who wasn't afraid of noone though Sinatra got it (he made him look better) and was nominated for Judgement at Neurmberg. Another great film I like was The Young Lions who he co-stars opposite (literally) with Marlon Brando and plays a Jewish American fighting in the war to Brando's nazi man. They both gave solid equal performances, but you can tell their's rivalry between bothy. If you want to see the first young Brando and Dean, and for that matter Steve McQueen, Paul Newman, Nicholson, DeNiro, Pacino, etc then watch his films especially A Place in the Sun, Red River, the Search, I Confess, Suddenly, Last Summer, From Here to Eternity, Judgement at Neuremberg, Raintree County and the Young Lions. You will find an actor in such few films very challenging, serious, and dominant.