From what I see through film, because I don't read up on her life, I'd have to say that Sandra Bullock possesses that cute charisma that wraps everyone up in her web, and you like being there. I have a lot of female friends who seem to get into disputes over who can insult her the most, and I think it is so stupid. Put it this way, you're at a party across the room is Halle Berry, Ashley Judd, Famke Jensen, Hannah Ross (of the band 'The Recipe'), Eli Mcpherson, and Sandra Bullock. Now, for me, I'd be overwhelmed with Bullock's appearance. There's something absolutely intriguing and mezmerizing about her. She is powerful and impossible and it is scene through her films. I give most credit to her acting in 'Hope Floats', she did extremely well in '28 Days', but the storyline wasn't Sandra Bullock. No body ever wants to see her being hurt, it just doesn't fit. It's too disturbing. She also reminds me of many women that I know in my life. I don't know if they're trying to immitate her, or if there is just a case of Sandra Bullockism going around, but I like it. To describe the attractive appearance of Sandra is easy. It seems to start with her eyes and nose. They are both pungent, deliberate, and fiesty. The kind of eyes that tell a man I've got you under my power now shut up and come here! Her body, in my opinion is sexy, yes that's right, I think that her body is perfect the way it is. Some of my insulting female friends say, She has no chest! How can you find her attractive? And look at her teeth! I tell them to knock it off, or we're going to talk about their imperfections, because in my opinion Sandra has none. Of course I don't know her. I'm sure she's domineering, and if not I hope she is. I like Sandra's chest the way it is. Somehow it is a bigger turn on then a volumptuous woman. She is a cat that claws the world through movies and we like the cute scars we get. I'd like to see her in more serious roles, perhaps a role similar to the one that Glen Close played in fatal Attraction. That would be different for her, but it would work. Sandra Bullock seducing a married man with kids. If it was written right it would sell. This way we could get to see the sly evil feminine side of sandra Bullock that we all know is there. Let it out and fascinate everyone that much more.