In my little world there are two types of tomboys, theres the ones that can hang with the guys but can still act quite girly, and there are the ones that just the fact that theyre in same room as you makes you squirm. In my world or not Michelle manages to be stuck in the middle. She been arrested for for beating up a roomate in New Jersey, a Hit-and-run,a DUI, and a ton of other driving offenses. But yet I heard she was seen jumping in a pool naked and kissing a girl after Lenny Kravitz got her kind of worked up at a party, claims she wishes she could be a porn star, and cried during Lilo & Stitch. She seems to be always complaining about herself being misunderstood(Which can relate my boy Allen Iverson), but I see why shes so misunderstood after making quotes like this-People take me the wrong way -either i wanna f*** you or i hate your guts. I'm just a big misunderstood love-ball.- she'd better start hating her Mother or people are gonna start thinking things that she doesnt want them to, hmm. Speaking of things like that heres what she said about rumours of her being bisexual, that What she does sexually should stay at home. It should be my business, she says.- That is very true it should be her business but most people wonder why she never said no. Honestly I dont think shes bisexual, but my thing is, when a person refuses to say yes or no, it's usually yes but, I wont go there. Don't want her at my doorstep with that trademark mean look on her face. But dont blame her, shes not a criminal, just party girl looking for some fun, which usually leads to trouble but everyone makes mistakes. When it comes to acting I must say shes pretty good, directors want her to look intimidating and heck she does just that. Samuel L. Jackson said shes also great to have on the set because her high level of energy. A few cons though, she struggles in the category of overall professionalism, often shows up late for everything but a party, not the tidyist person in the world, and is said to be very very tempermental, but if youve actually read this whole comment youre not suprised. If you ever wanted to see her in a movie washing a car while wearing a bikini so tight it could pass for body paint, drop it. She stays away from the sexy roles because she doesnt want to be seen as sex symbol. Understandable, but going to a party and jumping into a pool naked doesnt help your case. Part of the reason why shes so misunderstood and gets a four out of five from me. 