First I would like to say that I would not even have seen this site if my friend Beth didn't have a ridiculous obsession with this man, I feel stupid even adding to this array of comments, but when I saw them I had to say something. Some of you people are ridiculous. This poor man is doing what he does because he enjoys it, not so you can pick him apart piece by piece. If you like his work great, if not, don't watch him. And you teenage girls saying I may only be such-and-such years old but I know... Do you think Mr. Crowe will read that and say Gee, she sounds mature maybe between making all these films and touring with the band, I should take her out. I think he's a wee bit too buisy for that wouldn't you say? I don't understand extreme obsession. I am a 22 year old woman, I am an aspiring cartoonist/writer/model, I raise and break quarter horses, and I love classic and hard rock. Do you give a rat's a--? Exactly. So why are you so indulged in Mr. Crowe's life? And this Russell's attitude thing. Maybe he does have an attitude, maybe he's just standing up for his values and beliefs. Maybe he dosen't want you to know how many times a day he takes a s**t, or if he's getting laid on a regular basis. He gives you what you want, shouldn't you give him respect, and privacy in return. And the Meg Ryan thing. How is he a home wrecker? It takes two to tango. And again it's really no one's business but those who are involved, if you don't know the story first hand, you have nothing to add. Mr. Crowe is by far my favorite male actor, but when his movie ends so goes the part of Russell that he wants me to see, I refuse to wonder about him any further than the characters he entertains me with. I will say respectfully that Mr. Crowe has an intoxicating boyish charm and sinfully great looks, but he is also someone's son, grandson, and dear friend with hopes and dreams all his own, not a piece of meat. You see him as this immortal god upon a golden pedastool every minute of his life. I imagine when his day comes to an end, he likes to go home, crack open a beer and enjoy his down time like you or I. Russell Crowe is a young, highly talented painter of physical and emotional beauty on the big screen, and I hope he has many years of grand movies ahead of him. And as for you aspiring tabloid writers who can't help but dig up all the dirt you can find on Mr. Crowe, leave the man alone for kripe sake. 