Jennifers new movie requiem is x-rated and contains horrible violence. It is amazing how many men will keep praising the sleazy movies she has made in recent years. These male critics just seem to notice her knockers and do not realize how awful it is that Jennifer used to make childrens movies and decent movies with morals. The new film Requiem should be banned. Jennifer Connelly should wake up some day and realize how evil it is that she is inspiring our teenage women to be sluts. She should realize that the films she has been doing in recent years are trash. She should stop every film since Higher Learning from being printed on dvd's. This way, they won't be seen by our children. I can't even comprehend how a person like Jennifer can sleep at night without a guilty conscience! And if she ever decides to settle down,what man on earth would want to be explaining the things she is doing in these pictures to his children. Jennifers recent films, Mulholland Falls , Inventing the Abbotts , Dark City , are full of violence and sex. Too much violence and sex and no acting involved. And just because she is a good looking woman and that there are so many jerks out there that our sex addicts and like her boobs, they are praising her. Many of these idiots somehow got a job directing. Jennifer Connelly, your doing nothing for women, children or the american family life. You thrive on all of the immature male jerks out there that fall for your web of deceit. And your just another example of how far boobs can go in this world, without creativity or intelligence. Your boobs got you into Yale and Harvard. And all of that education has not helped you to have a moral conscience. I sincerely hope that you wake up someday and have the desire to erase every sex/violence film you have made. Especially Requiem . I pray that you cry and feel guilty for years. I pray that you realize the impact you have on men and women abroad and especially children. I pray that someday you'll have a strong desire to keep your clothes on and learn how to be an artist that inspires and enlightens people. I pray that you realize now that your career has been directed by a bunch of jerks that have made a big tit bimbo out of you. Sincerely, Thomas Kerry 