DEMI MOORE- what a mouthful! Yes, Demi is gorgeous, and yes she is a great actress, but her need to support whoredom has got to go! In one sense I'm speechless about her because Demi has had a life that NONE of us would want (except for the last part). So I see how she got this way. If you're raised in Beruit, you don't worry about what the neighbors think- 'survival is the key.' Maybe she feels differently now about her past, I haven't heard anything from her stating that she still supports her past thoughts of morality- but then again, I haven't heard anything from her at all. Is it fair to say that her Taking her clothes off and showing everyone everything is good state of mind ruined her MEGA CAREER? Well, she was on top, and had a very secured position in one of the highest positions in the business... and it's fair to say that she isn't there now. So... do the math. Her failures come from her lost state of mind. If she didn't see them as flops before she went into them, then she must have thought more of herself then she should have. An actor/actress can only make a good movie better, if the script isn't good to begin with, it wont happen unless you have a GREAT director. And in most cases this wont help a bad script. So, I'll leave this essay with this final quote- all young actresses that admire Demi and want to follow in her footsteps, just look at where she is now. It's o.k. to admire her for her beauty, and it's o.k. to admire her for her ability to act, but if you admire her for standing behind whoredome, then not only plan on ruining your career but also plan on having a bad day on Judgement Day. Final- Demi, I do support you, you are a trooper, and maybe you've repented of your past and/or maybe you will. If I had your life I just might have thought the same as you, but I feel that at this point in your life and the fact that I know that you've heard what's right and wrong in this matter, 'I think it's time for you to pull your head out about all of the showing the world your private body parts stuff and -repent-.' The real Christians of the world will forgive you as will God and I'm sure your career will pick right back up. Also, I know that God takes into account the childhood you had, but that does not make it o.k. to endorse whoredom or take part in it. You may be excused from falling into it somewhat, but sooner or later you have to get out and stay out, AND PROVE YOURSELF A PERSON OF GOD - that is why we are all here anyways. And by the way- SCIENTOLOGY wont help you either, that will only make sure you don't make it. I'm pretty sure that on Judgement Day, that book of Scientology wont save you. Good luck and I am rooting for ya. 