Seriously with all the negativity that people who have said to hate Hilary Duff, has anyone ever considered that not just anyone can rise to fame? There are some who say that her fame was pure luck... but any other girl in Duff's place would have not gotten to her extent of fame. I thnk you have be a special talented and hard working person to succeed in Hollywood. Though there are some people that deny this, but jealousy is also common and mostly denied by those who secretly wish they were Hilary Duff. Its true Hilary Duff sensation is targeting the younger generation, but it takes guts for a person to stick to their beliefs through all the hating and insults. Not many people can stand and survive through all. How can you HATE someone so badly for taking this opportunity to pursue her dreams? I mean A LOT OF PEOPLE would jump at a chance to prursue their dreams and its always different when it happens to you when people start hating you about something that they disagree about your personality, career, or just YOU. Then your feelings get hurt and then you can relate to those people like Hilary(who is everyday being hurt by people's insensitive judgemental comments) who try to walk with your head held high thru the hostile crowds. And most times those hostile people don't know her. I know many might adamantly and ferociously deny this but Hilary Duff has potential. Just give her time. She just might surprise you. Don't hate what you cannot understand or comprehend. We have enough hate going around and trashing Duff is not helping when all she is doing is MAKING a living. You are probably doing the same thing by making a living at your job or trying to get yourself into a career. Haven't people criticized your talents? When is the last time someone hated you just because of a skin color, race, or whatever? Don't say you hate Hilary when you do not know her as a person. If you hate her CD or movies, then do so. If you think she's a bad actress/singer, say so but don't be saying that you hate her when you don't know that person. HATE is a very UGLY word. She is a person like the rest of us. GOOD people. 