Having completed roughly forty movies to this date, I think it's fair to say that Tom Hanks is one of the true greats of our time. He has graced the screens for well over twenty years, and with every performance, it seems, he just gets better and better. He has amazing depth and range, as well as screen presence. In the 1980s, Hanks got off to a rather rocky start with such comedic films as Splash, Turner and Hooch and Punchline. The latter was particularly my favorite, in which Hanks plays an eccentric comedian, Steven Gold who tries to convince a depressed housewife (Sally Field) that she is funny and can make it as a comedian (which has always been her dream). Those three 80s films can be considered Tom Hanks's initiation, his introduction to Hollywood. In doing those films, he was paying his dues so that he could one day be known as one of the great actors of his time. In 1992, Hanks gave a memoriable performance in A League of Their Own, which was about a female baseball team during World War II. Hanks was the perfect choice for the role- I mean can you imagine anyone else saying There's no crying in baseball! so perfectly? Hanks' first show of true greatness came in the 1993 drama, Philadelphia, in which he played a gay man who is fired from his law firm when his employer discovered that he has AIDS. Tom Hanks turned in a brilliant performance, and an emotional one. He managed to perfectly convey the feelings and emotions of his character to the audience. Equally riveting was his performance as Forrest Gump, which was most definitely his greatest performance. Hanks' performance was completely natural, and I must say that Forrest Gump will probably be one of the most memorable characters in American film history. From there, Hanks gave a good performance in Apollo 13 and an amusing one in the romantic comedy You've Got Mail alongside Meg Ryan. His next great film came in 1999 with The Green Mile. Espescially riveting was the ending, in which Tom Hanks has to witness the execution of a man whom he knows is innocent of the crime. Along with Michael Clarke Duncan, Tom Hanks exhibits an awesome screen presence. If Hanks established himself as a major player with Forrest Gump, he solidified his status in The Green Mile. Hanks also turned in a decent performance in Cast Away--- I don't think any other actor could've kept me interesting in a film in which the two main characters are him and a soccor ball. More recently, Hanks turned in a riveting performance in the comedy-drama, Catch Me if You Can. In the final analysis, Tom Hanks is a fantastic actor who at a relatively young age has already established himself in Hollywood and has secured his place in filmmaking history. Despite this, I am confident that we have not seen the last great performance from Tom Hanks.