Here is a fine actor at least as noteworthy for what he chooses to do as for the quality and breadth of the performances.Danny established his reputation as a stage actor and had one of the rare careers on the sea of serious drama (rather than being tossed about on the rough seas of musicals) before he arriving on the shore of films.He is not often afforded the rich praise he deserves for his work in the plays of Athol Fugard both in New York and elsewhere.His affinity for spiritual and physical landscapes of Africa have led him to portray Mandela in the namesake picture as well as rich complex characters in Bopha! and Boesman and Lena .His maiden motion picture voyage in Places in the Heart got him off to a distinguished beginning. His career has variety; he's done children's fare( Angels in the Outfield ) and slapsticky comedy( Gone Fishin' ): mini-series Western( Lonesome Dove ) and a sho' nuff big screen Western( Silverado ). He's authentic in both and can definitely hold his own as a horseman.Both performances lend emphasis to his versatility when considered alongside stuff like his Walter Lee in Lorraine Hansberry's classic A Raisin in the Sun (1989 version).He is plenty inscrutable and creepy in To Sleep with Anger directed by Charles Burnett (whose Killer of Sheep is archived in the Smithsonian) an underrated occult tinged ensemble piece--an understated jewel. Another nice bit of work for the little screen was Queen in which he portrays the kind of shoulder-to-lean-on-love interest-fellah I'm sure he would have wanted to point out to critics while he was taking so much heat for Mister's(in The Color Purple ) brutishness. Afrter all he wasn't trying to say all the brothas back in the day were brutes and cads nor was he saying he was like that (it's a-c-t-i-n-g folks). His Paul D, played skillfully and gently across from Oprah's powerful Sethe may not have matched the interior vision of Paul D. that Toni Morrison's many fans took with them from the enormous, complex and wish-fulfilling novel. But, it didn't get in the way of one's imagination and crush it either. The tenor of his voice is really mellow and therefore he has served as narrator on some evocative documentaries like the Robert Johnson peice and the Scared Straight non-fiction. He's intelligent and easy to listen to. He can play the period roles better than most of the other top dogs and his competency with old fashioned attire may even be on par with his podna Mel.His best box office driven are probably The Color Purple and the first in the Lethal series. Lethal I was really great--bad,stinky villains and endearingly eccentric heroes. The Jingle Bell rock and Christmas motif of the first one makes it best in my book but all of them are solid entertainment. Beloved was an art house spectacle from Jonathan Demme and Tak Fujimoto lurking around in the cumbersome gown crinolins of a mall theater. Fortanately I saw it in an intimate art house with a bunch of other folks who'd read the book. Danny Glover has done lotsa first rate stuff. five stars solid.A real actor.