You know something, I never really thought much of her acting talents until I saw Monster's Ball, the movie she won the Academy Award for. When she won, I hadn't seen the movie yet, and had only her previous work to go on, none of which particularly stood out. I am ashamed to admit that I pulled a Rush Limbaugh, and assumed that she only won because of her ethnicity (I know, that was totally wrong of me, but I'm far more cynical than I am racist so don't think that my initial thoughts were the product of bigotry, although I am sure I have a ways to go before I can call myself non-prejudiced). Really, she barely spoke in X-Men, I hated Swordfish so I couldn't really pay attention to her character (which was weak anyway), and all she did in Flintstones was make sexy eyes at John Goodman while conniving behind his back. Those were obviously not really the best roles for her, because she was OUTSTANDING in Monster's Ball. It truly was one of the best performances of the year. I despised her self-aggrandizing speech at the Oscars, but I can ignore her personal foibles (I am still convinced that in real life she is a certifiable psycho) and just appreciate that one movie, that one perfect role that she played to perfection. Mind you, Monster's Ball managed to elicit great performances from crappy actors like Heath Ledger and Puff Daddy (or whatever the hell he's calling himself these days), but Halle was riveting. I wish I could just forget everything I have ever seen her in, or heard about her, or heard her say in interviews, and only know her through that one role, because then I'd be left with an unblemished image. Also, for those of you to whom such things matter, you see pretty much every square inch of her naked body at one point (an almost uncomfortably long love scene with Billy Bob) - she's a gorgeous woman, even when portraying poor colored trash from Cowplop, Georgia. I'll stop gushing now, or else I'll be tempted to change my 4 stars into 5, and she doesn't deserve the full score based on one role, no matter how good it was.