Morgan Freeman is an incredibly versatile actor whom I remember as Easy Reader on The Electric Company. You know: Top to bottom, left to right/That readin' stuff is outta sight, Easy Reader, that's my name...Readin', readin', that's my game. I can still see him in his vintage 1976 Afro, his Foster Grants, his brick-red turtleneck, that DYNAMITE brown leather vest with the fringe on the sleeves and the light-bulb patch on the back, his Beatles-style black boots with the pointed toes and his GROOVY bell-bottoms. If I recall correctly, he would be jogging along numerous paths in New York's Central Park and would stop to read every friggin' thing that came along. It didn't matter if it was a billboard, a newspaper, a pamphlet, an empty Funyuns bag lying forlornly on the ground: this guy READ it. And DUG it. And thought it was OUTTA SIGHT. I think his character was telling the people who watched the show that it didn't matter what was being read, because it was FUN to read. It was COOL to read. That's what mattered. Easy Reader's enthusiasm for reading was contagious for all of us who watched the show in the 1970s. Only Morgan Freeman could have make Easy's character believable. (I somehow don't think the guy who played Fargo North Decoder on the same show could have pulled it off the way Freeman did.) Freeman also played other memorable characters on the Electric Company - the mad scientist with the thick horn-rimmed glasses, wild white hair and mustache (IGOR! he always was screaming), the Count, the deejay who was always introducing the music group, the Short Circus and their new album ( Outta sighteous! , followed by a snapping of the fingers and a loud, Barry White-ish chuckle). Few people are aware that Freeman had a serious drinking problem in the 1970s and 1980s but has since turned his personal and professional life around and has done so without compromising his integrity and his profession in the process. He now directs and produces and is a keen supporter of the arts in New York City and LA. He is active in the Actors Guild and devotes much time to community theater production whenever his schedule permits. A fine man and a testament to human endeavorment.