Denzel has made some really good movies, classics like Malcolm X and Devil in a Blue Dress as the strong black man we love so well. Likewise in the remake that's better than the original and a 'new holiday classic The Preacher's Wife he's delightful.In a light ,capricious way he shines as the angel with a twinkle of mischief in his eye. In Mississippi Masala we applaud and join in the celebration of his outer shell(that face!).To a degree we participate in occular affirmation,also for The Pelican Brief and The Mighty Quinn .In the first movie in this group(Mississippi Masala) the movie is virtually impossible without his charismatic charm. i.e. Woman defies family,flies in the face of convention race rules and flees---to him. If he isn't sexy there is no story. His Grey Grantham is rendered deliciously alluring for the specific fact that he is not gifted with intimacies with his co-star(at least not on-screen) enabling him to present a convincing potrait of a journalistic professional.Other hot stuff he plays: there's a cluster of 'the blighted black man who overcomes' in both Ricochet and The Hurricane ( and really!not being Factual as a criterion for sanctioning a Hollywood movie would leave us all with perpetual frowns or no cinema at all).Some folks only like the black male roles when persecution prevails and not the man. In Glory and A Soldier's Story' we see excellent ensemble work only problem is too many go by minutes before he shows up again. In The Seige , Crimson Tide , Courage Under Fire and Philadelphia we are once more regaled with the noble man, solid guy in a 'Hollywerk'. The Mo' Betta Blues is a really good performance in a Spike Lee that is not as coherent as some of the director's output.As a stud he's always appealing because of his reserve both as an actor and as an actor reluctant to take off his clothes. Fallen' is pretty nice n' creepy , Remember the Titans is another iconographic study for D. He's made up of lines to say.The director chooses not to overdevelop a portrait of a man and opts for the portrait of a team---but the man is no cream puff(that much we do see).He is the confident leader prototype.Again we love the guy. And football coaches all across the USA do too.His outing in Much ado is respectable. He is so much more than the sum of his parts and his parts are pretty damn fine.Finally; Denzel Washington is so important to acting and actors in a sociology or black American culture context(post Sidney Poitier) it's really not easy to say enough about him.His rating or ranking should be much higher.Those giving short shrift to Denzel are those farthest away from having an accurate rating of the community that produced him.(and i don't mean Mt Vernon, New York altho' that is part of it) There must be a spot on the starting nine for the slugger(this is the team with artful Dodgers like Samuel L. Jackson, Morgan Freeman Laurence Fishburne). There's gotta be a spot in the starting line-up for this great actor...'cause-Who's on first? Denzel,baby!