Cher is probably the most self-absorbed, unfair, unintelligent, nasty, perverse, illegal and ignorant celebrity out there. It is remarkable that she has achieved so much with such remedial abilities. See what this literate, educated, progressive person had to say about her: (From Cher - Gossip ) I was sexually molested by the idiotic Cher when I was 12, after a UFO had landed in my backyard. I had called the major networks to discuss the issue, and she was somehow sent over, to investigate,perhaps, or perhaps to try to construct ways to conceal the truth about UFO landings. I invited her to see the burn marks of the UFO on the slope below my house, but she refused to walk down the hill. She, instead, drove me to another house and sexually molested me, and later denied it, in court, stating that I was impotent , which is ridiculous, considering that I was 12, and raging with hormones. The disease of pedophilia can strike all sorts of people (and was discussed at length, in the case of Svidrigailov, by Fyodor Dostoyevsky, in Crime and Punishment ), but, still, I think the severity of Cher's crime, covering up both time-travel and UFO events, as well as her accomplishment of sexual molestation, strikes me as singular in some ways. She is a good person, in many ways, like Paula Poundstone (who volunteers to help many Foster and Adopted Children), but, one must wonder if Cher is a sexual predator, based upon my memories. I have emailed her 50 to 100 times, begging her to tell me that I was wrong to believe that she molested me, but, she won't reply. I guess that might indicate her guilt in this matter.... Naturally, I would like to learn that she is completely innocent, but, I doubt that that is the case.... ----- What is even more interesting about this complaint (from 2001) is the fact that at least three of the 19 September 11 hijackers where named Al-Sheri (synonomous with Osama (= lion ) in Arabic. All of them hailed from Egypt, a country which has long obsessed the fatuous Cher, who has owned an Egyptian-motif house and used to go by the stage name of Cleo. How she escaped prosecution and persecution by John Ashcroft after her fairly apt remarks about his draping clothes on a naked female statue, is quite a puzzle to me. She must own nude pictures of him sodomizing goats, I suspect.... 