When are you rightwingers going to lay off the Hanoi Jane nonsense already? Change the record. This dimbulb was totally within her rights as an American to speak out against that illegal, unjust, immoral, unnecessary and totally useless mistake known as the Viet Nam War. She didn't dishonor our country at that time, rather it was our government, our retarded elected officials in Washington, the Pentagon idiot warmongers, the Archie Bunker-type hawks and U.S. corporate interests who were pulling the strings behind the scenes that were the true sources of this major national disgrace. Fonda, whether you like it or not, was on the right side of this issue: history has proven this. The North Vietnamese were only our enemies because the hawks declared them to be so, because our government decided to try to impose our questionable values and way of life on people who lived on the other side of the planet, thereby denying those folks their right of self-determination and their choice of political ideology. Our military invasion of and aggression in Viet Nam was just another imperialist, nationalistic blunder that was waged under the most ridiculous of premises, and turned out to be, in essence, a forerunner of Handjob Bush's misadventure in Iraq that has backfired big time, as Vice President Dick (well named!!) Douchewad would say. Furthermore, Carrigan's fairy tale about the slips of paper strikes anyone with half a brain as being a tad contrived, and considering the ax-grinding nature of its source, lacking credibility, yet this supposed incident has become one of the drooler faction's greatest Urban Myths. Despite the passage of 30 years since that dark era in our nation's history, the rightwing mental retards still don't get the point that being anti-war and critical of the government and all its minions is not equivalent to being anti-American, in fact, such positions are infinitely more patriotic than the typical drooler My Country Right or Wrong death-worship and military hardonism so prevalent in the backwater toilet known as The Heartland. It's the droolers who unquestionably buy into the reductive and simplistic military solutions to complex geopolitical problems and the intrusive, unmerited use of force to shove mutant values down other people's throats who are the real enemies of America. Not the Dixie Chicks, who are the millenial version of Hanoi Jane. The rightwingers are wrong again, as usual, continuing a decades-long cavalcade of idiocy, shortsightedness, wrongmindedness and naivete. I give Fonda two stars because: (1) she's a truly lame actress, terribly overrated in this regard, and wouldn't have gotten her foot in the door in Hollywood if it weren't for her father; (2) she's just another greedhead, only a liberal one; (3) for all her political grandstanding, she's never done a single frigging thing for anyone except herself; and (4) I find her as boring and tiresome as Douche Lamebrain, Sean Sawed Off and Pissed Off About It Hannity, Michael The Human Hater and Ashamed Jew Savage, Bill Just Another Draftdodger O'Reilly, et al. Fonda's just another empty suit sullying what passes as public discourse, only from the lefthand side.