Chaucer's Canterbury Tales is one of the greatest classics of English literature. It provides a solid depiction of society in the Late-Middle Ages. Essentially this is a set of short stories revolving around a spiritual pilgramage to the shrine at Canterbury. Each short story contains a moral, a tale geared towards a particular segment of society; such as the knight; the squire, the merchant, the working-man, the Wife of Bath. Chaucer doesn't necessarily offer an opinion on pressing matters, rather he sought to express class differences within English society. He always beats around the question. The main theme of the story, one which highly debated during this period in Western history, was the notion of sovereignty and free will in the fact of an omnipotent God. This can be reflected in how Chaucer expresses feudal relations of the period: in the Knights Tale, the Duke controls the fate of two prisoners to seeking to love one woman and the prisoners are simply resigned to this fact as being part of their destiny. Chaucer's tales teach us about the value of the individual. Marriage and relationships with other people ought to be based on mutual respect, which is what the Clerk tried to teach to the Wife of Bath. In the very funny Wife of Bath's Tale, she believed that women ought to be superior to their husbands, while the Clerk, a philosophy student, believed that human relationships ought to be put on a more equal basis. The Wife of Bath should know a little something about marriage, she had gone through five husbands! And they all got away! It's based on a sense of inner worth and doing the right thing. The moral? It is better to judge people by their actions and not their looks. Life has to be grounded on something more than mere appearances and ritual. Chaucer believed that religious thought had to be grounded on more than just going through the motions of such ritual, it had to be grounded on knowledge and truth. Canterbury is a very human tale. Chaucer portrays and accepts humanity for what it is; he seems to despise the hypocrisy of the period's institutions. Greed, sexuality and even death are some of the concepts that Chaucer elucidates here. It gives us a linear progression of human living with an emaphasis on the transience versus permanence. It's poetry that offers a practical lesson, thus making it very unique as a piece of literature from the Middle Ages.