This is in response to musicfan. I am a white person and i feel this is obsecene. First of all Whites have done so much for blacks. None of it is appreciated. this statement you made couldn't be farther from the truth. Yes, i admit that there are some white people that have done stuff for African American people. But you consider that whites have done sooo much,i mean which are you refering to enslaving the black people for the white persons own good, or the discrimintaion that went on , or is it when the black people were slaves they got whipped or beaten if they made one mistake, or is it ripping black families apart by selling them to white people, so they could work a white man's plantation, if you consider that a white person has done so much for a black person , then i would have to agree, they made these peoples lived a living hell.' So yea they did do alot for them, right?(sarcasim)', by enslaving them for hundreds of years and making them work for nothing, by beating them, some to death , or maybe they did alot by burning down houses , or not giving them the right to vote, or is it going against the constitution where it clearly states that ALL MEN ARE CREATED EQUAL or thats what its supposed to be like. I mean what have the African American people ever done to us? Exactly, they did absoulutely nothing, and we go to Africa and take them back to america to enslave them, what kind of people are we? I thought we're suppsoed to be Americans, Freedom, right? Well at least thats what it says in the constitution, Amendment XIII Section 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction. The only difference here is that it was allowed in the united states.When in reality , it wasnt supposed to be. So we can't even say we did soo much for da black people , beacause inreality we didnt, an the only person who really helped out the black people, in my opinion was truly a great president, was Abraham Lincoln.He passed the Emansipation Proclemation. This changed everything in America, it gave the black people a chance to be free from the shackles of the white man's cruelty and injustice! But unfourtunatley after that the racsim and discrimination abundantley grew.White people became more hostile towards the African American,i truly feel bad that so many black people died at the hands of white men, who were so concentrated on the color of someones skin that they didnt even get to know the person for who they r,as the saying goes don't judge a book by it's cover , well they did. The Klu Klux Klan was then created , and the wrath they shed appon black people or any white people who were friends of a black person was terrible. The KKK states that it is a Christian organization. What is the irony of an organization based on hate, violence and oppression claiming it follows the guidance of Christianity? What was wrong with white people that they had to take everything out on black people who have done nothing to us? Why would someone kill someone else souly beacause there a different color? What person in there right mind would do that and honestly not care that the people they killed could have a family, they didnt care.A lot of the people were lynched and there houses get burnt down or they would shoot them, or beat them to death. So dont even say that whites have done soo much for the black people , because we haven't. I agree that some white people did help black people out. But alot of them didn't, they just murdered or hurt them. Another thing unless you were at the holocaust or a slave hundreds of years ago, then you dont know how bad it was so dont say that a black person living in the U.S. couldn't understand, because you weren't there and you dont know all the stuff that really went on outside the history books,so don't say something unless you were actually there at that time and that place. And yes, i do agree that the black man or women should stop using white people as the excuse for there troubles. But that does not give us the right to discriminate against them or think they dont know what is going on , We should all treat each other fairly and equally, as it says in the constitution ALL MEN AE CREATED EQUAL!!!!! 