I wish I had enough time and energy to write an entire book on why the Atkins Diet is bad for you, but I will only stress a few major points. Atkins is doing a lot of people a very bad service. 1. The Diet is impossible to maintain in the long run. No fabricated diet that calls upon the individual to completely forego an important part of a normal human diet can be sustained for longer than a few weeks, maybe months. If you are able to stick to the diet for longer than that, congratulations, you probably have enough willpower to lose that weight without Atkins. 2. Atkins is essentially a metabolic trick, a gimmick if you like, which fools the body into 'thinking' it needs to burn off fat. Blood contains an amount of available glucose (obtained mostly from carbohydrates) which once depleted, will cause the body to go into a fat-burning mode. The reason for this is simple: once the body believes it is starved- essentially when no or little glucose is detected in the blood- the body uses up all of its other stores, moving into a second phase called 'ketosis' where fat stores are mobilized. In this phase the body secretes a hormone called glucagon which prompts your body to burn off its own stores of fat. Normally, the body secretes a balance of both this hormone and insulin, the latter being released when increased blood levels of glucose are detected. Ketosis is not a normal state, it is a state in which the body burns off its own fuel when other sources are unavailable. One need not me a biochemist to note that if the human body were designed to cope with a diet full of fats and proteins, our bodies would not be required to enter an otherwise rare 'ketosis' stage where fat stores are burned off. Ketosis does occur to some extent every day, but IT IS NOT A NORMAL METABOLIC STATE- ESPECIALLY NOT FOR EXTENDED PERIODS. While it is true as Dr. Atkins points out that insulin-resistance (associated with Type II Diabetes) is increasingly problematic, the link between insulin resistance and Dr. Atkin's solution of a ketosis (fat burning) diet is not at all clear. When one gorges on carbs- especially those with a high glycemic index (i.e. simple carbs)- the body releases high levels of insulin to lower blood glucose. Eventually the body may become resistant to this insulin, causing a form of diabetes. HOWEVER, most of us do not normally gorge on simple carbs, we probably take in a balanced meal of carbs, proteins and fats. Atkins takes one specific hormonal/metabolic problem- insulin resistance- and generalizes to the whole population, in effect actually prescribing a 'cure' only for people with Type II diabetes. 3. Atkins not only gives you bad breath- a result of ketones released from ketosis- but it creates a slew of other more dangerous health consequences. Atkins admits that a diet high in fats may lead to an increase in cholesterol (DUH!), but states that once your body starts to burn off its fat, there is an increase in the HDL 'good' cholesterol, which more than compensates for the overall increase in total and LDL cholesterol. But why would anyone desire to have higher cholesterol levels, which are associated with heart disease by themselves? Second, Atkins dieters are neglecting important sources of nutrients which an unbalanced diet such as Atkins does not provide. Atkins makes little light of the need for a balanced diet, and for good reason: ATKINS IS NOT A BALANCED DIET. What I mean by balanced is that your body needs an even complement of fats, proteins, and carbs. Getting a good balance of the three is not simply for caloric purposes. Many sources of carbs- which Dr. Atkins says are No No's- are actually high in other sources of nutrients that are very good for you. For example, that nasty carrot (nasty only according to Dr. Atkins and his followers) I mentioned earlier which causes your blood glucose to spike also contains high levels of Beta Carotene, the precursor to Vitamin A, an important vitamin and an anti-oxidant that may help fight cancer. If you are on Atkins, you might have to supplement your diet with the Vitamin A you are not getting from this healthy natural source. Another vitamin you may not be getting is Vitamin C, a powerful anti-oxidant, which is only available to humans via fruits and vegetables. Sailors who ate only salted meats- pretty much an Atkins type diet- developed scurvy because they did not ingest any fruits-or vegetables- high in vitamin C. (A large number of fruits and vegetables besides citrus have vitamin C). Moreover, many fruits and vegetables (No No's for Atkins) are high in fiber. Fiber is not only good for you because it helps you stay 'regular', but it has also been shown to have a positive effect on both total cholesterol level reduction and cardiovascular health. And because most people on Atkins eat almost no fruits and few vegetables, they naturally get fewer of the vitamins and fiber as well, which must be supplemented (little wonder why Atkins suspiciously adds 'vitamin supplementation' as a seperate part of the book. It's not because he simply wants you to stay healthy: IT'S BECAUSE ATKINS DEPLETES YOU OF VITAMINS!) Moreover, the low dietary fiber causes you to be constipated. Little wonder, again, why Atkins devotes an entire section to constipation problems! 