Musicfan, I have never been more insulted in allmy life! I am a black man, and as a black man I agree that there are some white people that have changed America and that blacks should stop using the white man as their excuse. But you must not have read the entire book. Malcolm X did infact change his view of white people when he went to Mecca. If you would really read the book with an open mind you would have realized that by the end of his life Malcolm realized that Elijah Muhammad was not a prophet of his god (and I say his god because I am not a Muslim), and that the message he brought calling all white people devils was not the message that was preached in the Holy Koran. Malcolm X said he felt betrayed not because Muhammad had illegitimate children nor because he was silenced, but because he had been believing that E. Muhammad was the last prophet of his god. He had learned on his trip that their are Muslims of every race, creed and color. Further more. America has not voluntarily given the Black man anything. America went to Germany and in the process freed the Jews, Korea and freed soome of them, Vietnam and freed some of them. But they fought against the abolition of slavery in America. That was over 200 years ago and even in 1960 African Americans where not considered citizens. No American President has ever voluntarily said they wanted Black to be free or equal. It took marches, and sit-ins, speeches and beatings, Dr.Kings and Malcolm X's, riots and violence, peace crusades and hyms. Has America done anything for the black man and woman in America? The answer is no the blaxk man had to fight his way through the KKK and the politicians, the Arian brothers and the supreme court, the Jail house and the White house. Because of this fight no black man has the right to say he cant do it because of the White man or any other man for that fact. But dont you dare stand here and tell all these people that the Negro in America should be happy with anyone or any nation. The fight continues but this tiime it is against the African American Soul. The next time you read a book take away your prejudice, read the ENTIRE book and then give a complement. In fact dont even attempt to make a statement until you do enough researh that you can call yourself an EXPERT.