Perhaps Camus' greatest work, a masterful examination of fate and happenstance, of faith and the human compulsion to endure, of the frailty of existence and the importance of hope. This is not a tale of God abandoning mankind, but rather a clear statement than man is on his own in a Godless universe, which is what actual existence is all about. In this, I have to wonder what book echochristine was talking about in her post, which was a most farfetched, absurd piece of Christian feelgood propaganda. God does not exist in this work, and it is not in Camus' narrative strategy whatsoever to force the reader to search out a God that is merely a human construct. Thus, any attempt to interpret this novel by employing fawning Christian hermeneutics is a quest for failure. The writing in this novel, in turns dispassionate and lyrical, prescient and focused, is typical of The Great One: factualist in approach in that emotions, speculations and other human fabrications just get in the way of explaining what actually happens in life. As this notion not only defines the existential argument, but also makes a statement about sign theory, magellan doesn't seem to get it, either (Also, the suggestion that any book by a Nobel laureate, especially one who has a relatively small body of work, isn't worth reading is pretty lame advice, especially when you're talking about that Nobel laureate's masterpiece.). The distance Camus places between the particulars of his story and the reader serves further multiform purposes: (1) it approximates the emotional detachment that is sometimes necessary in the time of a great catastrophe in order for people to cope; (2) it suggests that during catastrophes many people turn inward and forsake their connections to other people; (3) it also suggests that the sheer purpose of human existance is to survive and prevail, and that the concerns of family and community, of social solidarity and human affect and empathy, all byproducts of the enterprise, are secondary to that essential purpose. The extreme attention to detail prefigures the similar approach employed in the new novel of Robbe-Grillet and others, which suggests the influence of Camus on later writers. And to those who berate this novel because it doesn't have enough action, I say: Stick to comic books and those crappy glorifications of violence that Hollywood's been churning out for the last two decades. The Plague is truly a great novel, and one of the most worthy reads in all of literature.