This is a very difficult review for me to write. I had minimal experience with Anne Rice before reading this novel. I had read The Mummy a long time ago, and it didn't do much for me at the time. My tastes have changed, however, so I decided to reacquaint myself with Rice's work. On the back cover of the paperback, there is a quote from the Boston Globe which reads If you surrender and go with her, you have surrendered to enchantment, as in a voluptuous dream . I couldn't agree more, since the writing style here demands that you surrender logic and suspend disbelief in order to gain any enjoyment at all out of this story. Before you jump to the conclusion that this is a negative review, please note that I have given this work 4 stars out of 5. Briefly, this story is exactly what the title suggests: it's a first-person tale told through the eyes of a vampire. The interviewer (identified only as boy ) sits with Louis the vampire and documents his life story. There are many things with these pages which, frankly, require that you abandon logic and go with the flow . For example, we are told that, as vampires, Louis and his mentor, Lestat, must venture nightly in search of fresh, living blood in order to sustain themselves. Louis is resistant to his vampire nature, and therefore does not kill humans for their blood often, preferring animals for sustenance. Lestat, however, kills nightly in and around New Orleans, and frequently takes more than one victim a night. That is 365 + dead bodies, every night, in 18th century New Orleans. Add the bloodthirsty Claudia (an interesting character, but I won't spoil it here), and you can easily double the body count. No explanation is given from the author regarding how the vampires get away with so much mass carnage. Very little explanation is given regarding Louis' wealth either, or how he managed to maintain it through the 200 years or so of our story. He is always depicted as being wealthy and it never seems to run out, even after traveling the world with Claudia. Also, at one point we are told that the vampire trio lived together on the same property in New Orleans for 65+ years. Again, no explanation is given for how they are able to conceal their lack of aging, which becomes quite important when speaking of Claudia in particular. Normally, such anti-logic would really bother me, and prevent me from enjoying a novel. This time, it's different. Anne Rice has immense gifts when it comes to writing prose that I found myself ignoring the nonsensical aspects of the novel in favor of relishing in the language she uses. Ms. Rice's writing has a very unique, spellbinding quality which more than made up for any lapses in logic. I even found myself comparing the writing to H.P. Lovecraft, which is high praise indeed coming from a Lovecraft fan like me. In fact, I love the writing style so much that I am willing to explain away the items listed above, and save Ms. Rice the trouble. You see, Louis the vampire is telling this story from his perspective, and the trivial details of concealing their true vampire nature were deemed irrelevant to Louis. Take that. In any case, I would recommend this book, and I plan on reading the other books in this series as well. Interview was a pleasant surprise for me and I hope the other novels will be too. 