I was VERY impressed with Ender's Shadow . I read Ender's Game several years ago and finished reading the other sequels to it not long ago. I became frustrated and bored with Xenocide halfway through, and the less said about Children of the Mind the better. Thanks to Mr. Card, my interest in the Ender story has been rekindled through this fine, parallel storyline involving Ender's classmate Bean. Card has always had an understanding of how to develop his character's motivations through their personal philosophy. He has a firm understanding that it is a person's underlying beliefs and their use of knowledge that contributes most heavily to their responses to the world around them. In the character of Bean, the coldly logical aspects of his character determine his actions and allow Bean to reach conclusions based upon his personal view of the world. Card does not cop-out; Bean always behaves in a consistent manner and is one of the strongest characters of Card's career. This story is well told and moves along nicely. The world these people live in is not as complete as some people would like it to be, however I found that as a reader I was told everything I needed to know without any unnecessary details. Some may have questions about how the rest of the population of Rotterdam lives their lives, for example, but I didn't care very much since our story revolves around the inner-city children's crews . Any extra information would have bogged down this story. I don't mean that Ender's Shadow is devoid of detail; it isn't. Card delivers the important details such as character motivation, and has the sense enough to skip the rest. The pacing is quick and the scriptwriting is as witty as it is thoughtful. Card has a charming voice when he chooses to; he also has a deadly serious side which pulls no punches. As a science fiction writer, Orson Scott Card follows a different path than most. He doesn't try to explain the high technology ad nauseum like many other writers in this field do. I would liken his SF style to that of Ray Bradbury, meaning that the story takes precedence over the ohhs and ahhs of the science. Although this is one of many sequels of Ender's Game , I don't get the feeling that Card is milking his previous success here. Even though the foundation for this book had already been written, I can appreciate the labor of love that Card poured into this novel. His initial plan had been to co-write or farm out this idea to another writer; that would have been a more telling indicator of milking past success than this novel is. Fans of this series have probably read this book already. I would recommend reading it immediately following Ender's Game and before Speaker for the Dead . The other sequels are readable but I'm sure you can live a long and fulfilling life without them. 