Here's a little something I received via email yesterday that got me interested in reading this book ' It's called Gold Star Mothers and was written by Cdr. Hamilton McWhorter USN (ret) ' Gold Star Mothers is an organization made up of women whose sons were killed in military combat during service in the United States armed forces. Recently a delegation of New York State Gold Star Mothers made a trip to Washington, DC, to discuss various concerns with their elected representatives. According to published reports, there was only one politician who refused to meet with these ladies.Can you guess which politician that might be? Was it New York Senator Charles Schumer? Nope, he met with them. Try again. Do you know anyone serving in the Senate who has never showed anything but contempt for our military? Do you happen to know the name of any politician in Washington whose husband once wrote of his loathing for the military? Now you're getting warm! You got it! None other than the Queen herself, Hillary Rotten Clinton. She refused repeated requests to meet with the Gold Star Mothers. Now, please don't tell me you're surprised. This woman wants to be president of the United States --- and there are a huge percentage of voters who are eager to help her achieve that goal. May you sleep in peace alwaays...and please...hug or thank a Veteran for that privilege. Think about this one!!! Don't forget, our girl, Hillary Rodham Clinton, as a New York Senator, now comes under this fancy congressional Retirement and Staffing Plan. It's common knowledge that, in order for her to establish NYS residency, they purchased a million plus dollar house in upscale Chappaqua, NY. Makes sense. Now, they are entitled to Secret Service protection for life. Still makes sense. Here is where it becomes interesting. The mortgage payments hover at about $10,000 per month. BUT, an extra residency had to be built within the acreage in order to house the Secret Service agents. The Clinton's now charge the Secret Service $10,000 monthly rent for the use of said Secret Service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment, meaning that we, the tax payers, are paying the Clinton's mortgage, their transportation, their safety and security, their 12 man staff, and it's all perfectly legal. 