I have been a Dish Network Customer starting in 1992. As my family grew so did the number of receivers that I have on my account. Right now I have 4 receivers. Last week I get a call from a subject saying that they are with dish network and they need to confirm some info on each of my receivers. At that time I couldn’t talk with him. He told me that I had until the middle of next week or they would be turning all my receivers off. This info was needed due to a “software upgrade” that they are doing. I got his number and said that I would have to call him back. I have 2 young kids that require time as well as working on improving my house. I did not have all the receivers hooked up at the time. But so that I did not have to bother with the hassle of having to do all of this in the middle of the night, I canceled my plans for the week and got the info from the receivers. I then called the people back. They once again said this was for a “software upgrade” when I called them back. During the conversation I found out that they had changed some info on my receivers and told me that the info I had was wrong. The lady I had on the phone went on to tell me that she was turning off the receivers that had the wrong information because she “knew” the receivers with the wrong information were not located at my place of residence. Trying not to get too upset being told that I’m a liar from a company that I pay for service from. I asked her what “software upgrades” they were installing on my receivers. At this point they said that I have no software upgrades that are needed. The whole point of their contact was made clear to me. They have a group of people called the R.A.T. squad. (Receiver Accountability Team) their job is finding customers that do have receivers on their account that are not located within their residence. I found all this out after calling the Dish Network customer service line to complain on the lady I was talking with. Now if she had been truthful with me about what was going on and didn’t call me a liar I would not have been so upset. As of now I will never use Dish Network again. If this is the type of tactics they feel they need to use to trick their customers into giving them the info and the manor they are willing to allow their employees to communicate with their customers. I don’t need to give them my hard earned money. They had no reason to lie or try to tick me into giving them the information. First off one lie was that they were going to turn off my receivers if I didn’t get back with them within their timeframe. The next lie was there was no software updates scheduled. I also found this out by calling the customer service line for Dish Network. And lastly the reason they do not need to lie or trick you is because they do change the info on your system when they call you, so there is no way you could have deceived them. Other then this I have loved my system and never had a problem with it.