I have been installing cable in Dallas off and on for 16 years. The pay has steadily eroded to the point now that the only people willing to do the work are new, untrained, transients. We are the people who the customers see as Comcast but, we aren't adequately compensated to perform the technical and physical requirements for the pay offered. I make more money as a freelance handyman. Comcast charges the customer $40 to put a wire in the wall. By the time that trickles down to the installer, he's lucky to get $10. The only way to make a living wage is to work these poor guys to death You show up at 6:00 am and are expected to work until everyones jobs are done the general contractor doesnt care how long you work so you always get more than you can handle and if you finish that early you HAVE to take more work. My last week one man fainted on the job .. the only reason I knew about it was I was expected to complete his work. The general contractor doesnt care because hes not covering your insurance so if you work yourself to death he makes more money. If you dont work 6:00 am till 9:00 pm you get fired. If you are wondering why this guy won't go up into the attic of your million dollar home on a 100 degree day .. you can stop now .. he is not getting compensated. It always amazed people when I said I can't get a wire in that wall. Actually I was thinking, for $10 I'm not going to risk my health, take a chance of falling thru the attic of this expensive home and lose the money I earn in one year in one day. Recently Comcast has decided that piecework we had been getting paid for various tasks simply would no longer be paid .. but we were expected to keep completing the task. They used to pay us $5 to take back your old cable box to cover the time of removing it and the risk of possibly getting it stolen while we truck it back to the warehouse ($300 back charge for a lost box) Now we just leave them at your house ... no money no worky. Take it leave it cableman .. we can replace you so if you don't like it go somewhere else. The latest thing Comcast has begun is back charging for anything so now it isnt enough that the pay is nothing .. they want to take that back if you forget to circle some obscure item on a work order. I've seen this city go thru 5 major cable companies so far ... guess what? They cannibalize themselves thinking they are profiting by such ignorant tactics, but in the end .. they just go away. The value of a company isn't on paper or in the bank .. it's in how they invest in the people that install and maintain the system. You can save money by not taking care of your car but you will soon be walking. Comcast in Dallas has gone through 4 contractors in the past year .. they can't figure out why the job can't get done for less money and just think they have a crummy contractor .. duh ... guess what .. you get what you pay for (unless you are a subscriber to Comcast). Looks like just another large corporation being run into the ground and all the wealth siphoned off. One last clue ... the dish companies are paying the installers 30% more overall. The good people are working for them now.