I chose DirecTV for my tv needs mostly because they are far more user friendly than the cable company is here in Tampa (Time-Warner, Bright House, or whatever they call themselves these days). There were two main reasons I fired Time Warner cable. One, I hated their ads. HATED THEM. They are obsessed with bashing satellite dishes. They have people commenting in their commercials and behaving as if they had never HEARD of cable tv and only had the inferior satellite dish. Wait a minute, back up... people who use satellite dishes are, 99% or the time, people who got rid of their cable service for one reason or another. Time Warner also loves to rip on satellites for interruptions in service, etc. Having had digital cable and satellite Tv in my home, I can say with 100% accuracy that satallite interruptions are equally as frequent as cable interruptions, but here's the kicker: Directv consistently resets itself within 2 minutes in my experience, whereas the cable can be out for 20 minutes or MORE any time it goes out. The second major reason I fired Time Warner is due to the fact that they refused to come to a new contract with my local sports network, Sunshine Network. Sunshine carries my favorite hockey team the Tampa Bay Lightning. Now, TW cut a deal with Sunshine through the entire state of FL EXCEPT FOR TAMPA, causing Lightning fans (and Orlando Magic fans) to miss all of January 2003 and some of Feb 2003's televised games. Sunshine made the exact same deal with TW's other providers that Tampa Time Warner rejected... Tampa expected Sunshine to keep the same terms of their previous contract, which dated back to 1993! So, I brought in the Directv in order to see my team play and have been loyal to them ever since. I recently moved, and signed up for Directv in my new apartment. Total installation and signup costs: $49.99 including first month's service. Equal to if not cheaper than cable, for those keeping score. The service is great, the picture quality is perfect, the price is right, the interactive menus are FAR superior to cable's, they have satellite hispeed internet service available as well. Of course you get local channels as well, no extra charge. Plus, they don't bombard you with Directv commercials the way Time Warner does... I never realized how much airtime Time Warner was buying back in order to sell and re-sell their cabel products to people who already HAVE cable until I saw the sharp decrease in cable advertising while watching the same channels on Directv. Enough of this ad for Directv. I'm just glad I bought it and fired the cable company. The only way to break their stranglehold on tv service is to try something different, people...