Greg Bicket Vice President and Region Manager, New Orleans, La Cox Communications 338 Edwards Avenue . Harahan, Louisiana 70123 AND Chairman - James C. Kennedy MAIN CORP HQ: Cox Communications, Inc., 1400 Lake Hearn Drive, Atlanta, GA 30319 and Cox Enterprises, Inc. 6205 Peachtree Dunwoody Road Atlanta, Georgia 30328 The following complaint regards possible fraudulent billing, harassment and threats, and refusal to make repairs and maintenance. We are aware that some problems may exist regarding the post hurricane damages, but as of this date, the problems and excuses are no longer valid. THAT since October 2005 we have attempted to contact COX by email, telephone, and written correspondence to have to have Cable TV service restored back to normal. That on those occasions attempts were made by telephone wait time varied from 20 to over 50 minutes without speaking with a representative. A number of emails were sent to the New Orleans Customer Service office in most cases without response, or attempts to correct the problems. Letters written to the Corporate Headquarters and copied to the New Orleans office have been ignored, and not responded too. THAT the one time connection was made to the New Orleans Customer Service office I was assured that the service would be reinstated back to normal within seven (7) days. And that a credit to my account would be issued for the on month’s payment. Neither the repair, nor the credit was ever completed. THAT in late December 2005 I was contacted finale by COX Customer Service by telephone and advised that a tech representative would be at my home with in a week. And that a credit to my account of one month would be made to my account, and pending additional credits for loss of service. THAT in late December 2005 a field technician finale arrived and advise until such time that the outside service box could be replaced, repaired, and the wires replaced and repaired, there was nothing he could do to fix, or correct the loss of service. The outside box had to be fixed by another department technician. As of this date, there have been no repairs, restoration of service, and no credits to my account. THAT COX continues to harass, threaten, and continues in its fraudulent billing practices. RATIONAL for not contacting state agencies for Louisiana include in part: COX has direct connections with the Mayor of New Orleans Ray Nagin, who is the former CEO of COX. That COX is a heavy contributor to certain campaign funds, for state and local officials. That neither the New Orleans Service Commission, nor the State Government will take an action or protect the consumer with regard to certain entities that are favored. 