Sirius radio is great, the music and news channels are great, sports, ect... CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS!!!!! ESPECIALLY an agent named DENVER, ext. 3815, located in their retention department. He actually told me that the problems that I have been facing with my service are my fault and that I am better off cancelling my service. Crazy that customer service, especially their retention department would encourage turning away customers. Read below for more details. Because of the great stations, I have been willing to be patient with the customer service. The crap started when I actually purchased the unit. I was suppose to receive free speakers in the beginning, faxed in the free paperwork numerous times and for some reason the main person that I was told to send it to, never received it. Anyway, it took nine months of calling and e-mailing for customer service to send me a refund because they no longer had the item in stock. I have also been billed twice, two years in a row. Making payments in October only to have the payment come up as never received, a bill for $163.00. Then receiving another bill the following month, saying that I owe 147.00. When inquiring about the disparity in bills, customer service only responds with ignore the first bill. Scary to think that thousands of people are being ripped off by the service. So, like I said this has happened two years in a row. This year I happened to use bill pay, web service from my bank to pay bills on-line. For those of you who pay your bills on-line, this may cause problems for you when paying your Sirius bill. For some reason the customer service agents seem to be living in the stone-ages because they have no clue as to what bill pay actually is. Needless to say, after battling on the phone with customer service they tell me that my bank needs to fax them information stating that a check has been sent to Sirius. Well, my bank faxed Sirius twice with a memo stating that a check was sent. Again the customer service said that they never received the fax. There seems to be a black hole that sucks up all of the necessary information that goes to the company. Personal information is constantly being sent to the company and is continually lost. In the end, make sure to contact the retention department if you have problems. Just make sure that you don't speak to a guy named Denver, ext.3815. He blames customers for problems that they are facing with Sirius and also becomes extremely defensive when you start complaining. Honestly, you are better off speaking to the female agents, they do a better job of reading though your information and helping you to deal with your problems, the way customer service should. Because I love what Sirius offers and because I have invested in the service, I am willing to hold on for another year. If it happens again, I am gone. Hope this does not happen to you. 