Rate it? Half of you jokers apparently have never ridden a Harley but cheap knock-off jap cruisers. How in the hell can you rate something you haven't ridden? Why does Honda, Suzuki, Yamaha and Kawasaki bother to copy the design of Harely's if they're crap? Go to a dealer and ride and used one. The Harley's are crap argument doesn't hold water anymore. AMF doesn't own the company anymore and they don't overproduce the bike or rebrand cheap bikes under the Harley name. Your bias is based on out-dated information. Gay posers? Go to a biker rally and bring that up, not in the comfort of a review board. Why do riders of Jap Cruisers wear Bikerleathers also. Why do riders of cafe bikes wear Power Ranger outfits? Many of the people referred to as Gay Posers are Veterans of the Armed Forces. Where was you're butt when we served? Ever worked on a Jap bike? They're inexpensive because they are built cheap. Ever seen a 25 year old Honda still running on the street in the volumes Harleys are? No, you don't. They run great for three years after seven years you can't find parts for them. Jap bikes morph constantly trying to squeeze in the latest technology. Why are Harley's expensive? Demand (Simple economics) and the fact all the cheap plastic bodywork and fenders exist on Jap bikes, not Harley's. Do people dream of owning a Ford Escort over a BMW? Which would you buy? Apparently Escorts according to this board. Is there anything inherent wrong with the U.S. imposing import tariffs on Jap manufactures who flood the market to destroy an American company? Hell no. Why are Jap bikes less expensive? Built cheap and flooding the market produces no sales, demand isn't high enough. Jap bikes sit in the showroom for up to 3 years before they're bought, that's why huge rebates exist on them. Are the Jap manufacturers losing money? No, they still make a profit, because CHEAP is built into them. For you performance buffs. You're fast until the next bike comes out which blows it away. You're hero days are always numbered. Somebody will always have a faster bike than yours, just a matter of time. Outdated? I'd rather have technology that has stood the test of time rather than new fangled crap that a wrench can't work on. Go to rice dealer and look at all the abandoned bikes they have. Why? because many of the bikes are worth less than the cost of repair. That's right, less, usually within a year. Goldwings are also a knock-off of time-honored cruisers. They're good bikes, but Honda couldn't be taken seriously without producing a touring bike. Toyota makes luxury cars under the Lexus brand to penetrate the market. Drop 22K on a GW, sell it back to the dealer in 1 month. You'll lose 6k driving over the curb the day you bought it. Ask the dealer. The resale value is crap. Half the bike in a plastic shell, take that crap off and look at it. Is it a bike or a space shuttle? It hardly looks like a motorcycle. JAP bikes are like Bic Lighters everybody has one for awhile then tosses them. I'm sticking with a Zippo. 