If you like the bike, buy it. Personally I feel the stock fenders and tanks on the Jap bikes look a little cheesey. Almost the Limburger or Roquefort variety. If you're going to copy the Harley Davidson Fat Boy, make it a good copy for pity's sake. The tanks all sit unaesthetically horizontal, the bobbed fender variety doesn't bob right, the factory colors are ALWAYS crap(I saw one in baby blue in a showroom!--who the hell would be caught dead riding a baby blue Harley?)! Bikes like the Fat Boy need no further alterations- they look good right out of the showroom and it's the only bike the Japs have truly envied as evidenced by all the clones- Suzuki Volusia, Kawasaki Vulcan Classic, Honda Shadow ACE(or rather the new VTX line), and the Yamaha V-Star line. Of all these, the Honda aftermarket reigns supreme in beautifying your ride. But how about coming out with one that's pretty right off the runway? Engineering is no contest, the Japs rule. Performance parts? There's always a large aftermarket for all bikes. But the LOOK...let's not kid ourselves here... the Japanese homage to the FAT BOY is VERY evident. I for one agree with it- it's the MOST beautiful bike ever(okay that's just my frickin' opinion)! But hey...there ARE other Harleys to clone, my Japanese buds from across the pond! How 'bout a nice SPRINGER SOFTTAIL line? Or a HERITAGE SPRINGER line with those ALWAYS COOL twin pipes jutting out from BOTH sides of the bike? Chill out with the FAT BOY theme already! A pint-sized 1100cc Heritage Springer would bring tears to my eyes! You see, for all the hype and bravado of our great American bike company, they are FAILURES when it comes to selling bikes to the throngs of PINT-SIZED people such as myself whose heart sank when he realized the Fat Boy was just...just a little bit too big for his 5'2 frame(sob,sniff!)- and I'm truly serious about that. One arrogant response from the salesmen convinced me that Harley's arrogance is the reason the Japanese bike market is expanding beyond belief now. His response, Well, son...some people just weren't born to ride. This said as he walked off in the other direction to tend to a burly six footer with a beard and belly only Santa Claus would envy. Born to ride? Is this fool convinced only 1-percenters buy Harleys? Am I supposed to earn my right to ride by joining the Hells Angels? Bandidos? Warlocks? Vagabonds? Would I earn respect walking into a Harley dealership wearing their colors? Sorry, Mister Harley man...the BIKE still won't fit. And people like me represent quite a large populations of riders YOU will never be able to sell a bike to because of your arrogance. To the Jap manufacturers: KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK....and clone the rest of the Harley line soon: the Deuces, Springer Softtails, Heritage Springers, Lowriders....and continue kicking Harley's ass in sales and reliability.