(((UPDATE)))First of all, the only reason ford sells more trucks then Chevy is because they are cheaper to buy. Most ford owners can't afford a Chevy or it's quality. The only question I want to ask to those who bash Chevy Trucks is "HOW ARE THE ENGINE FIRES TREATING YOU?" Yeah last time I checked, Ford is having a massive recall on the F-150 and the F-250 along with the Expidition and Explorer because they are suddenly having engine fires all the time and this in on the 2000 to 2005 models. I find that funny. I read a comment that says "IF YOUR AN INBRED REDNECK HILLBILLY THAT LISTENS TO COUNTRY MUSIC, YOU'LL LOVE THIS TRUCK.. HMMM--- Well you got to be a complete dumb a** to even own a ford unless you like your engine combust at any moment. And I believe he meant YOU'RE instead of YOUR. By the way I hate country music and I live in San Diego California, so I can't possibly be a redneck. Who is the redneck now?(((END OF UPDATE))) I now own my third Chevy (currently a 2003 Silverado) truck with a V8. My last two had just over 200,000 miles on them when I sold them, same engine and transmission and the one I have now has just over 90,000 miles on it. These trucks are nothing but pure quality. The interior is very inviting and comfortable. The running performance is solid and last forever with good maintenence. I am the original owner of all three and I have used nothing but Valvoline Syntec. 5 quarts of 10W 30 and 1 quart of 20W 50 is a great blend and is what I have used since I owned all my trucks. Chevy is without a doubt like a rock Rock Soild. I beat the crap out of my truck almost everyday and it seems my truck wants more. It is for sure been a big help from the oil I use that my trucks have lasted so long also with no problems engine and transmission wise. I do all my oil changes between 4500 to 5000 miles. If you want a truck that will last, get a Silverado. There is a reason why the Ford F series of trucks are cheaper then Chevys... Quailty. You get what you pay for and thats a fact when it comes to Chevy. Hope this helps. 