For everyone who thinks the Mustang is a worthless waste of gas, you should probably think twice. Mustangs and Camaros will always be American Muscle, but the one that stands the longest can be called the King. The Mustang pushed the camaro out. I dont care what you say about why the camaro is no longer being made. The only reason is because the Mustang is better. Camaro cant compete, even though things were neck and neck. But the Mustang just came out on top. Just face it and accept it, Mustangs are better than camaros. Yea there may be alot of Mustangs out there, but you know if you took all the v-6's off the road, there would be alot less, alot. Just because they dont have alot of power doesnt mean they are worthless. They are made for certain people, the v-6's are for people who either cant afford the v-8's, or who want something stylish and good on gas. the v-8's are for those who want power. And looks, who said the Mustang looks like every other car on the road. You should prolly go to the Doctor and get your head surgically removed from your rectum. The camaro looks like a damn cheese wedge. No body lines, how plain, granted it may be aero dynamic, but the Mustang is too, and it looks better. This is so because it actually has body lines. Unique body lines. No other car looks like it. And who said Mustangs are for hicks...the last time i checked the only thing hicks drive are jacked up trucks that can run over the camaro or Mustang. Im not hating the hicks because i have friends that are hicks, and they would disagree with you also. And attitude, there is no attitude with the Mustang people. We just dont like little micro machines coming up beside us acting all big and bad. Yea you may go faster, but look at the thousands of dollars you spend to be able to do that. And just for the record i have never lost to a import, and i only push the throttle half way. Also, Mustang or Camaro fans, we may fight about who is best, but we are the American Muscle and we should carry on the heritage. The Camaro died, but im sure a new born camaro will emerge, and the full heritage will carry on.Mustang#1 ;)