Ok, here it is plain and simple. The 93.5-98 SupraTT (98 was the last year to buy one in the US) is without a doubt the strongest built car of it's time. It comes stock with a 320HP 325 ft/lb Torque, I6TT that is capable of 800HP on it's stock bottom end! And as far as the fuel system goes, many people have many low 11 second passes on stock fuel systems. Is there any other car out there that can measure up to that? I don't own one yet, but after driving many of them I have come to respect them. The 2JZ is capable of producing well over 1000HP and actually has Turbo Kits for 1200+HP. As far as cronering .85G is pretty damn good for stock! As far as I'm concerned it is worth every penny of the price. If you have any comments or arguements please respond to me at supralvr86@aol.com And I almost forgot, the Skyline has an advangate over the Supra in the 1/4, but after that it's all the massive topend of the Supra. If you don't believe me go to www.MKIV.com and visit the videos section. they have a Stock Supra with a Veilside Kit racing a stock Skyline. A Supra will always be better looking, and more aggressive as far as a daily driver that can handle 1000+HP. Sure it may not the the absolute fastest car in the world, but what other car can give the adrenaline rush of the Supra, for the same price, get great gas mileage for the power it's pulling, and still leave money in your pocket for other things? Not to mention the attention you would get if you were cruising one, even if it is bone stock. In all around performance, the Supra is the best as far as my knowledge leads me. For those people who think you can't buy a Supra Anymore you can, but you will have to buy it straight from Japan. They are currently still manufacturing the Supra and will be soon releasing the new MKV. One last thing. Do not be fooled by my age, for I know more than most my age do. I forgot a few things. Obviously the Skyline has better 1/4 performance due to its AWD, but anything after the 1/4 the Supra's massive topend blows the Skyline away. As far as the Skyline vs Supra goes, they both have advantages over the other. The comment about the Supra being the poor mans Lexus Soarer?! In case you didn't know, the guy who bought the Lexus paid an expensive tax on just a freaking badge!! Toyota and Lexus are one in the same, just like Honda and Acura. If I'm not mistaken certain years of the soarer came wth the 1JZGTE found in the JZA70 ( Jap Spec MKIII). Now I ask who's the smarter one? the guy paying twice as much for a slower car? or the guy who bought the MKIII and got the same engine, with better framework, and an all around better car? OH and the comment abot the Venom 800TT, tell me how much that Viper costs, and put that same amount of $$ into a Supra and we'll see which one is better. The supra will beat the Viper in handling, top speed, accel as well as a lot of other areas too. Can your Venom 800TT handle 1300HP?? Can the stock bottom end on the Viper handle up to 800HP without any modifications at all?? I'd like to see it done. It's been peoven with Toyota's genius engine the 2JZ. As far as the Supra not being a beautiful car, go up to any lady you want and show her a picture of a 97Supra RZ and a picture of your car and see which one she would choose. Or if you're one of these people who see a Supra constantly follow him around and look at all the attention he gets. The supra is a very valuable car, mainly because production in the US stopped in 1998 because of lack of sales compared to the Major Domestic dealerships. I'm not trying to sound rude or like I know everything about the Supra, because I know I don't, but please keep the little comments about it being ugly, and about an 800HP car beating a Stock Supra to yourself. That's like me saying some guys car sucks just because I have 2 times as much power and torque than his does. His may be worth a lot more than mine and to him his is better. If you're going to compare cars atleast compare two that are in the same category, not the Venom 800TT to a Stock MKIV. USe some common sense.