I have ridden harleys for 20 years. Like most riders, I started on japanese bikes. I have nothing bad to say about the metrics, they do what they are designed to do, well. So do the harleys. Metric riders have always been overly critical of harleys, saying they break down and or slow/lacking power. Harleys, for the most part, are designed for low end torque, not high end horsepower. And few other bikes come close to harleys low end torque. I own an FXR, currently. I rode it into the ground, and restored it. It is not a huge pile of chrome, and yes, its fast. From 0 to 120 MPH it will beat the average japanese sportbike. After 120, the sportbike takes over, just as its designed to do. I built my FXR as a touring capable sport harley, and it is by no means a top horsepowered monster like some of them. I can throw on the bags and ride cross country, or I can run with the ninja's light to light (and win). I recently drag raced a hayabusa light to light. A short race, true, and I won it. True, the hayabusa will do 200 MPH, but so what? How often will a person use that kind of power? I use my low end torque everytime I ride it. Which is more practical? The harley FXR handles great, has an indestructable frame, is relatively light for a harley, and the rubber mounted motor is very smooth on the road. The only maintenance issue i have had with mine is coil wire problems. The FXR coil is mounted via bracket attached to the engine head. The rubber mounted engine moves a lot in the frame, and eventually a coil wire will break. After breaking down in the middle of nowhere and diagnosing the problem and fixing it myself, I learned to carry the necessary tools to fix a broken electrical wire. Other than that, an occasional nut or bolt will vibrate loose (not that often), but no major problem. Even metric bikes require maintenance to be safe to ride. The japanese bikes I have owned were just as expensive as a harley to maintain, when following the manufacturers recommendations. If a steering head bolt needs to be torqued regularly on a harley, that same bolt will need to be checked on a ricer too, right? A motorcyle is more than the engine and tranny. Keep that in mind when you read some of the anti-harley comments. Lastly, the vacume cleaner joke is lame, Todd. Get a life first, and get a clue next. What does Todd and a Hoover have in common? They both suck. 