I purchased a new 1998 Toyota 4Runner in December of 1997. My 4Runner is an SR-5, 2WD with a V-6 engine. I've put 161,000 miles on this SUV so far without a single drivetrain breakdown of any kind! This is the first car I've ever owned that I've been able to drive for 5 years without it ever leaving me stranded due to a breakdown. This is the first non-American car I've owned, having always previously driven GM cars that all started falling apart on me after 50,000 miles. I decided to switch to Toyota after hearing of their legendary reliability, and I can testify to the fact that this is true. The only things I've managed to break so far are the dashboard cupholder (at about 130,000 miles) and the power antenna (at about 150,000 miles). Otherwise, I've only had to spend money for routine scheduled maintenance. Another wise and happy 4Runner owner advised me right after I purchased this SUV to only let Toyota mechanics work on it and to always religiously adhere to the maintenance schedule. I've done just as he advised, taking the vehicle only to the Toyota dealer for maintenance and I can report that not only have they performed excellent work, but I've never been treated so well by a car company before. Toyota dealer maintenance departments are a TOTALLY different experience than American make car dealers. They bend over backwards to please the customer and I have never gone away mad. In fact, I'm often amazed at how cheap they are compared to aftermarket car repair/maintenance outlets. Anyway, I change the oil and filter every 3,000 miles, without fail, and follow all manufacturer's recommendations for other periodic maintenance. My reward: I'm coming up on 6 years of ownership and the car still looks and runs like new. It's been paid off for nearly 3 years now and I can't tell you how tickled I am to be driving a like-new car without having to carry a big car note. Sure, the Toyota costs more than most of the competition, but it's worth it! Even the mainenance is reasonable. I've spent about $1,000.00 a year on that and this includes three tire replacements (full sets) and some custom upgrades to the vehicle, which isn't bad. I've driven this car all over the country, including off-road in the deserts of Big Bend National Park and through the Rocky Mountains to Yellowstone National Park - all long after I had passed the 100,000 mile mark - and these trips went off without a hitch and I *NEVER* gave a thought to the possibility of this vehicle breaking down - even when I ran it all day in 105-degree heat in Big Bend in May of 2001. What more can I say? Toyota is absolutely bullet-friggin-proof! If you've had it with American-built junk that has to be fixed before it's paid off and replaced as soon as the last car note is paid, then you might want to consider a Toyota 4Runner. Toyota just keeps improving this model with each passing year and I definitely plan to keep this one until the wheels come off, (if they *ever* do), and will be purchasing a second one next year. No wonder the people in the Toyota commercials jump for joy. I used to think those commercials were silly, but I'd volunteer to do one for free after the wonderful experience I've had with this SUV. 