Great quad, some bad, mostly goods though. Start with the bad: No Clutch, Only 4x4 no 4x2, Low throttle respond at low rpm, no included trailer hitch (not a huge deal for me, but nice when you need it). Now for the goods: Awesome Gearing, Shaft Driven (basically indestructable), awesome response at mid-high rpm, lots of power, sporty design and feel compared to other utility quads, doesn't come with the rear rack installed (this is a plus to me because I already have an 04' Big Bear which i use for all my grunt work and hauling). I got my 05' Wolverine yesterday when I found out that the 06's no longer have shifters, and I think that is totally aweful (also why I bought the Big Bear 400, the last full utility quad with a shifter and 4x4/4x2). I got the Warn 424 4x4/4x2 selector installed at the dealer because of all the good things said about it, and I can defintaly agree so much with everyone else, it makes the machine totally different in 4x2 mode. I plan on putting on a K&N and aftermarket pipe, most likely Big Gun becasue I head good things and their color scheme matches the best. If you have either a pipe or K&N let me know how well they work for low-end torque. I'm back again to comment on winter riding. I have to disaggree with one of the previous comments about coldstarting. I have had absolutely NO problem this winter yet starting below freezing and I'm still yet to change the summer weight oil 20w40... There is an excellent plus to this machine that the choke is directly on the carbuerator, no need to worry about the cable getting rusty and stretch after years of use. I do have to say though I've had my machine in once under the 6 mo. warrenty though for carbuerator work, I didn't ask the details but they said a spring had gotten stuck somewhere inside, the machine was missing like crazy and fouling spark plugs minutes after starting. One day in the shop and it was back like new again, maybe with more power than the day I bought it...still without a doubt a five star machine. 