I purchased a Black 5spd ZX3 in April of 2000. Only options were A/C and power doors/remote entry. Price: $12000 Current Kms: 20100 I will briefly summarize the strong and weak points of the car. Engine: Needs about 30 more hp from the factory. It gets the job done with decent low end torque but a barnstormer it is not. 0-60 is about 8.5s, quarter mile is about 16.5s. (5spd and yes I have timeslips for that) For those of you car enthusiast types the engine responds well to basic bolton type upgrades. Chassis/Suspension: Chassis is great. Suspension is a bit mushy but this is still the best handling car in its class bar none. Extremely fun to throw into corners, very forgiving. Aftermarket shocks/springs and bigger rollbars turn this car into a fantastic front driver. There is a reason Ford uses it in WRC competition. :) Ergonomics: Very good to excellent. There is a surprising amount of room in back. You can seat 4 adults comfortably even in the hatchback. Lots and lots of headroom up front, I am 6'3 and I still have a couple inches of clearance up top. Seating position is high, sort of (ugh) minivan style, however most consumers tend to like this view. :) Cargo capacity is great in the hatchback, better then some SUVs. Fold down the back seats and youll be amazed what you can fit in there. Stereo: Best in class. Hands down. Stock head unit isnt great the but the speakers are fantastic. All it needs is a small 8 sub to be perfect. Problems and Complaints: The cup holders suck. There is no redline on the tach. (its 6750 if you are interested but the engine runs out of steam at about 6000 so you really dont want to go there anyhow) No drivers armrest to speak of. There have been some build quality issues in the first year. About 5 recalls, none of which have been for anything major. Personally I see it as a sign that Ford is being proactive and actually issuing the recalls unlike some manufacturers who tend to sweep these things under the carpet. Im pretty sure most of the build issues have been corrected for 2001, I have yet to hear of anyone getting a lemon or any other serious problems. There is a stumble/hesitation at 2100rpms due to some weak ECU programming. Thats about it. I hope my summary has been usefull to you. Personally I really like my car and I think anyone in the market for a nice economical sedan would be foolish not to go for a test drive in a Focus. 