Overall an excellent ATV. I am quite happy with my purchase of it. There are a few problems that should be of note. 1. Extremely cold natured ATV. Terribly hard to get it started in the wintertime. I think alot of Yamahas have this problem. However once it is warmed up it runs great. 2. The choke lever! Horrible place for it. What was Yamaha thinking by not running a cable up to the handlebars. I mean, they have been putting the choke lever on the handlebars of ATVs for years, so why doesn't the Wolverine get one there. It would make it so much easier to use. My dad's 1985 Big Red has the choke lever on the handlebars, so what gives Yamaha? This I find to be a major annoyance. 3. Mud protection is very subpar. You will easily be coated with mud in no time. Now you might say that is a good thing, but have you ever ridden through a cow pasture? Manure is not something you want to be covered in! They do make extensions that you can buy and put on the fenders, but I think that should have been something standard. 4. The hitch cost extra. Not necessarily a bad thing. Most people might not need one. 5. It doesn't take well to sitting for some time. It has a tendancy to not tolerate the freshest of gas. I am not sure if that is just mine or if it is a problem overall. Once again in comparison, my dad's Big Red can sit with the same gas forever and then start right up and run great when needed. If you ride the Wolverine alot then this won't be a problem. However for me, I don't get to ride as often as I would like. These things are minor when compared to the overall quality of the Wolverine. Very sporty, 4x4, excellent trail machine, and quite a capable work horse. Not so large as to make it cumbersome, but not so small as to make it underpowered. Very nice compromise. I, for one, find that making bigger and badder ATVs isn't necessarily a good thing. So the Wolverine is an exactly choice for someone wanting some power, speed, and ability, but not wanting an ATV that ends up slightly smaller than a Jeep! 