Bought a used 2002 Ranger Edge 4X2, 4 door, May 2005 with 12,000 miles, from a local Ford Dealer. They made me the best deal I could find, and I shopped several other Ford dealers as well, as well as Dodge and Chevy. I will try to give you some good points as well as the bad ones I can see ... hope this helps someone ... I like how it has a raised suspension, handles well for a truck, and seems to handle a payload well too. Plenty of power with the 3.0 V6 engine and auto trans. Gets great gas mileage, (if you do not punch the gas pedal, and try to maintain an RPM of 2000 or less.) I figure 20-22 average. It came with the towing package but I have not used it as of yet. I like the dash, gauges, heater/ac & radio controls .. all are close and easy ... the cigarette lighter is blocked from view when the shifter is in drive, and the ashtray is small and away from normal reach. The console is nice, has coin holders, 2 cup holders, and has room inside for cds and more. Another tray, and 2 more cup holders are in front of the ash tray. The seats are a bit stiff ... although the drivers has a manual lumbar with sometimes that helps a bit... The rubber floor is a blessing .. easy to clean ... The doors sound very hollow when you close them ...(like there isn't any insulation inside them. Changing the oil and filter on this one is less of a mess. I especially like not having to jack the vehicle up, or driving up ramps to be able to get underneath. There is a small funnel shaped spout under the oil filter to direct the waste straight down ... the only thing is the starter is right next to it, and so is the positive wirefrom the battery. I had a Ranger Supercab that had 250,000 miles on it and is still running ... great truck, so that's whay I bought another ... I think my old one was more comfortable in the seating, but overall, even with many years difference, they both handle close to the same. Great Truck for the money ... great value ...cound not do better in this class compared to what else is out there ... 