Let me tell you Harley enthusiasts/posers what you really are, conformists. Conformity at it best. First off, Harley-Davidsons are about as American as the Macarena. They are assembled here, yes, from parts built in Japan and Taiwan. You fell for their marketing, and paid dearly for it. You are a victim, not the patriot you think that singular purchase made you. I keep hearing that because I don't like Harleys that I'm closed minded. Is that so? Harley enthusiasts are the ones always spouting how all imports arent real motorcycles, and I'm the closed minded one. At least I have enough common sense (which isnt so common it seems) to know that motorcycling is more than an emblem on the side of your gas tank. I bought the best bike my money could buy. I could have bought a Harley, but why. I can buy a better performing bike elsewhere for half as much and not have near the problems. I didn't buy my bike for status, to pick up chicks, nor because everyone I know has one. I bought it because I love to ride. Most Harley owners just love their bullsh*t image, and are willing to pay big bucks to get it. Yea, the CHP all ride Harleys, but do you know why? They used to ride Kawasaki 1000s, but when Harley-Davidson Motor Company almost went under (for the third time), California bailed them out by buying new bikes for all of their highway patrol. They have been bailed out three times until they finally started marketing to societys lowest common denominator, and if you own a Harley, thats you. People who own Harleys are either too stupid to know they have been duped, have more money than brains, or are some doctor/dentist/lawyer/accountant in a mid-life crisis. Hands down, H-D motorcycles are the worst production motorcycles in the world. They are 20 years behind everyone else in the engineering/technology arena. Take a ride on your Electra Glide and then hop on a Kawasaki Mean Streak or Honda Valkerie for a little comparo. If you still think that your overpriced, antiquated, cantankerous, rattle trap, piece of crap is still better (and not because its a Harley, were talking performance here, I know, I know, your not used to that), you are truly a lost soul, or a moron. And if I hear one more time about the status or mystique they bring the rider, I will pukeexactly what is the mystique of stupid? They suck, period.