I have owned three of the dust buster Trans Sports one '93 and two '96 models. I currently own one '93 and one '96. What initially attracted me to these mini-vans was their space age styling; their ruggedness and performance has made me an advocate. I have driven my Trans Sports cross-country, and they provide an excellent highway ride and are capable of hours and hours of cruising at extra-legal interstate speeds in comfort, with out contributing to driver fatigue. The space frame construction, coupled with the composite body panels on this vehicle also makes it an especially good city vehicle. I own a commercial contracting company in New York City and have had many vehicles over the years in our fleet. Minor impacts and massive potholes are a daily theme for commercial vehicles in this city, and conventional-bodied vehicles were costing me a small fortune in bodywork to keep presentable-looking and to stave off rust at the sites of impacts and scratches. The Trans Sports plastic body panels do not dent or ding, and any scratches that one does get (and you get far less) do not lead to corrosion. The inherent strength of the space frame has resulted in a vehicle that doesnt get flexy as the accumulation of miles and miles over some of the worst roads in the country add-up, unlike what I have experienced with uni-body and even body-on-frame vehicles. The removable rear seats weigh about 33 Lbs. each and are a cinch to remove and reconfigure. The power-sliding door, introduced in 1994, seemed like a gimmick, but is really a major convenience, and was followed by all minivan manufacturers later. The Van offers a really nice, sporty yet comfortable ride with fresh shocks and struts (my local road conditions warrant replacement at least every 50,000 miles for all of my vehicles). The cargo carrying capacity is cavernous, and the vans could be ordered with fairly extensive, luxurious options, which I would recommend if you are looking for one used. I would avoid 3.1 liter-equipped models, as they are underpowered. The 3800 V6, optional 1992-95 provides more than adequate power under all conditions and is a pleasure to drive. The 3400 V6 which was the only available engine in the 96 model year provides close to the 3800s oomph, with better fuel economy, but all things considered the 3800 is the better choice. The biggest impediment to these vehicles sales was the unconventional driving position with a massive expanse of dash out in front of you under that huge windshield. When driving one for the first time it IS a little disconcerting, but I was completely used to it within a few hours of driving it for the first time, and frontward visibility in tight parking situations not an issue, unlike how it feels it would be based on a cursory examination (such as when one would do a 10 minute test drive). GM could have marketed these vans better with a 24 hour test drive or something like that, which would have given potential customers a chance to become acclimated. Now the Bad: The power window motors (like most GMs of similar vintage) go bad more often than they should. The power window switches also expire more often than they should. I had to rebuild the transmission on one of the 96s at 65,000 miles, but received goodwill assistance from Pontiac. The rear door latch, operated by someone who doesnt know which direction to turn it can be snapped off if they put muscle into it. The climate control, steering wheel radio controls, wiper and headlamp controls illumination lamps are not replaceable (short of dissecting the unit and soldering new lamps in), GM expects you to put a whole new module to restore illumination. The dash board pad has a tendency to separate from its backing after a few years baking under that massive expanse of glass, but is easily fixed by removing the top of the dash (complete) and using contact cement to re-bond the lifted area it to the underlying form. Other than the issues related above, the Trans Sports have shown themselves to be extremely reliable and versatile, and Im speaking from the experience of almost 220,000 miles of harsh, real world experience. Prior to the Trans Sports, I would replace these vehicles every 3-4 years, The Trans Sports have eliminated that need. I only wish someone would make a worthy sucessor. 