*NOTE* - This review is based upon my experience with a Mercury Milan, which is mechanically similar to, and built in the same plant as, the Ford Fusion. I recently rented a 2006 Mercury Milan for a couple of days while on a business trip. Overall, I believe that the Fusion/Milan represents a significant step forward for Ford in the midsize sedan segment from the current Taurus/Sable. For starters, this is a good-looking automobile inside and out, with sharp athletic lines and a well thought-out interior. The platform for the Fusion/Milan/Zephyr is the same as that of the Mazda6, which itself has received numerous awards since its 2003 introduction. Build quality is a definite step in the right direction from the Taurus/Sable, with few squeaks and rattles and generally good fit and finish inside and out. Fuel economy is good, with an average in the mid-20's with the automatic, high-20's with the manual. Steering response was excellent, and highway road noise was kept to a minimum with only a slight bit of tire hum. My complaints about this car revolve mostly around the transmission. You can't get a manual transmission with the optional V-6 engine, and a manu-matic is not available at all. I drove the V-6 6-speed automatic, which delivered good passing power but which also had a tendency to "hunt" for the correct gear between 5th and 6th while on the highway. I also have slight complaints about some cheap-looking chrome/plastic bits used on the dashboard, and I also noticed that there were uneven seams in spots between the headliner and inside door molding. Little items like this would likely never make it out of the plant in a Honda or Toyota. All in all though, I was impressed by the Milan, and would consider purchasing either this or one of its its Ford/Lincon platform-mates. Will it give the Japanese a run for their money? If Ford beefs up its quality control, decides to offer a better range of transmission options, and doesn't allow it to wither and die like it did with the Taurus/Sable, then it certainly can.