I am a proud full time Mother of an 11 year old son; a wife; and during the day a hard working IT Program Manager for a major automotive company. The University of Phoenix is a blast and with only three classes left I am sad that the program is almost over. I complete my final class on May 1st, 2006. I have really enjoyed being able to attend an accelerated program. I have never had the time to get board with any given topic. While the program is challenging it has been a wonderful learning experience. I plan to move onto a Masters program upon completing the program here. After working in the IT field since 1984 I am happy to say that the topic of Information Technology is never a boring one. I thank the college for their wonderful program that emphasized team work; individual study; and even included global collaboration with people from all backgrounds. I would like to thank my professors as well for a wonderful job! I also owe thanks to my mentor for believing in me--pressing me to move the bar further to better myself. What started out as something for the work environment has become a personally enriching experience. I never imagined that I would strive to maintain a GPA so that I may graduate with a degree that shows the seal of honors. That has been my goal for quite sometime. After a few classes, it was no longer about doing this to move a head on the job. It is about seeing the world through new eyes based on the world known as education. From Socrates to Plato, Critical Thinking to Java, Geography of World Commerce to eCommerce--we have learned to see things in a new light. We have grown and this turned in to an enriching experience that none of us will ever forget. I am truly blessed for family, friends, fellow students, and to have had the privilege of learning....Many take education for granted when there are people in the world who cannot even get their basic needs met. You see before school here at UoP I thought global about work; however, never about the global people--there is a difference. A huge vast world to see and learn about--we have only scratched the surface here! I am more tuned in to the world and technology, I can proudly say. I also care more about my neighbors around the world in a new way. 