I was one of the early graduates of the UoPhx Online Program back in 1999. I started the 15-course Masters of Computer Science Program in early 1997 a few months before my first son was born. At the time I had a BS in Mechanical Engineering from CalPoly and was working full time as an engineer to support my wife and pay the mortgage. Back then we did not have broadband connections and the entire Online Campus required everyone to use a dial-up modem to connect and exchange information. The Online Program made for great practical sense given my wife's pregnancy and time constraints. I must admit that I had my doubts during the first couple of classes. The use of teams with members scattered all over the globe made for some long nights and difficult coordination to complete the class assignments. I also felt that some members were not pulling their weight. In retrospect, the entire experience mirrored real experiences in work and life. By the third and fourth classes I had hooked up with a core group of students who were also taking the program seriously. Many others had dropped out by that time too. The MSCIS program was probably one of the most intense learning experiences I've ever had. Each class was six weeks long and consisted of group discussions that had required relevant DAILY participation in addition to lengthy textbooks, weekly college-level papers of at least 2000 words along with footnotes and mandatory formats. The final projects usually were 5000-10,000 word essays that also required PowerPoint presentations. The ability to communicate and write is ESSENTIAL for the Online Campus. I spent many evenings at the PC way past 1AM. This was not a program for anyone who wanted to slide by because the other students would rat you out quickly. When I needed to take some time off after the birth of my son, the University was accommodating. Financial Aid was available and was not difficult to obtain as long as you were diligent in submitting the required paperwork and followed up with your counselor. In the end I completed my MSCIS in 27 months including a 12 week break to be a Dad. I had a GPA of 3.9 for the program. I was able to shift departments within my company and increase my salary by 50%. I also had many opportunities and projects presented to me because I had both Mechancal and IT skills. 