I'm sorry to read about any student's bad class experience, and online education always involves some trade-offs. Faculty at nontraditional universities are typically paid part-time wages, so it's hard to retain top quality classroom or online/distance education (DE) instructors unless they have a full-time job elsewhere. Classes with low enrollments typically dry up because neither faculty members nor colleges can depend on them for revenue. Despite these realities, I expected to see UMUC rated at or near the top, not the bottom, of your DE list. Years ago, I took three courses from UMUC in Maryland. Two were excellent and one was good compared to traditional coursework I completed at an Ivy League college and a top-ranked state university graduate program. Since 2002, I've also taught online courses for UMUC/stateside as an adjunct professor. In contrast to some reviewers, I've found UMUC stateside (US) standards higher than expected. My UMUC students are generally well prepared because prerequisites, anti-plagiarism policies, and competitive grading are now enforced more uniformly. A small percentage of students have deficient skills or indifferent attitudes, but most are talented and actively engaged in their work. What about the the administrators and faculty? Most (not all) of the administrators and faculty members I've encountered at UMUC meetings are impressive and enthusiastic about their work, although some faculty members complain about their heavy workload, administrative duties, and low pay. Still many national award-winning professors with top degrees and experience teach at UMUC. Every online faculty member is required to complete a rigorous online training course before being allowed to teach. New faculty members are also assigned mentors, who track their first semester course, offer support, and write a detailed evaluation report. Each semester, UMUC courses are monitored for instructional quality, interactivity with students, high grading standards, and timely comments. The curriculum is regularly reviewed and revised. The rigorous qualifications, professional development programs, and administrative reviews show UMUC's seriousness about maintaining high standards. To help improve my own courses, I sometimes poll my students informally about their experience at UMUC and other online colleges. Although they have praised some of their online courses elsewhere, typically DE students prefer the quality of instruction, attention from professors, adminstrative support, and resources at UMUC. I'm delighted that former students have also earned promotions and better jobs because of their UMUC degrees. 