I was looking for an distance learning MBA program. U of P seemed to be everywhere so I figured they couldn't be that bad. So I looked into it. The advisors where EXTREMELY sweet. Bending over backwards to get me started. In fact I was accepted into their MBA program even without a GMAT score. Huh? That really started to make me think. This is too easy and if it is easy for me then it is easy for everyone else. This can't be a good thing. Then I started really doing more research on this school. Half good things and half bad things if we assume that the blogs are true. The people that are not complaining are those that are currently enrolled or U of P Alumni. Since they put up the money and time we should only expect them to have nice things to say. Why would they want to discredit their own education? The people that are complaining seem to have been former students or faculty or even disenchanted employers, each with a story of a bad experience. Stories that support my concern about extremely low academic standards. If this is true, that U of P is dropping the bar to increase volume, then there could be some long term consequences for the school and for the graduates. One, this reputation will proceed the prospective job applicants that reference the degree from U of P. It could be an immediate black-baller on a resume. Two, eventually the reputation will effect prospective students to U of P compromising its long-term growth as a company. I would have to surmise that if the admissions standards are low then the type of students the school would attract would be of correspondingly low caliber. I am sorry if I seem to be discrediting those that went to U of P and worked their bums off. I am sure you got out whatever you put into it and you deserve the respect. My fear is though that employers will view you NOT by the standard by which you hold for yourself but by the standard held by your school. Which is clearly very low. Perhaps the lowest. I mean come-on! No GMAT (or GRE) requirement for an MBA? I have to say that maxdb (THANKS MAXDB u Rock) had a great suggestion about looking for reputable universities with distance learning programs. Definitely peruse www.ed-x.com. This site has some very good schools that you wont have to mumble when someone asks you where you went to grad school. Cheers