I am currently in the process of completing the comprehensives stage of my PhD. The past 18 months in the program have been challenging, but I must say that it is what you make of it. The atmosphere is one more compatable with research based degrees as most of the work is, of course, done independently and based on reading and writing/reflecting on research in the topics for the course. Each class may be individualized according to the learner's area of interest or focus. He/she may apply the course topic to and write about his/her particular area of interest for reasearch and assignments. One must have a good sense of self discipline to be able to excel in any higher educational setting. With on-line learning, much of the obligation to work and learn is completely in the hands of the learner. As with any education, one can do the minimum just to get by and still get a passing grade or one can really put forth effort and get something great out of it. It's up to the student. Those having bad experiences with any online learning experience probably need more concrete frameworks within which to work. It's a very autonomous experience and is perfect for those who do not want to put their lives on hold in order to further study within their field. The residential components of the program are highlights in that students and faculty get to connect in real life rather than electronically; these opportunities are times to learn more about research, areas of study, and about the program in general. Capella's faculty and staff are friendly, flexible, supportive and willing to assist at any time. Sometimes it is frustrating to not get face to face interaction. Yes, the cost is high, as is with most any education these days, but it is not as high as many alternatives, particularly traditional schools with campuses. It is probably more cost effective for graduate and post graduate degrees than for undergraduate or certification. And just FYI, there are highly ranked univeristies looking into broadening into online education using Capella as a model. Those who take their education personally and seriously will appreciate the programs and succeed. 