Good to see new opinions posted of success stories at CTU. My experiences of CTU online prompted me seek more economical teaching methods. The equivalent service is provided at my local book store at less than 1% the cost since my MGM330 instructors answer to questions is Yeah name what ever you want to do. I still wonder why only 50% of the students attended class and participated in group projects. Where did they disappear to? My complaint with CTU online is that they hire unqualified instructors who dont feel it is their job to provide a service despite the outrageous tuition. My first term at CTU went fine after I got Cable Broadband ($60/mo) half-way into the term. I got behind because I couldnt connect to classes, but the telephone operators said it doesnt matter since you dont need to go to classes. As if. The 2nd term introduced me to the problem with distanced learning. An instructor who never sees students cant see the disappointment on their faces when he tells them I dont know anything about statistics, but I have years of experience in the auto industry. I am sure we will all have a good time. So how does a person who doesnt know the subject grade assignments? My assignments were all 90% with no comments. The instructor was too busy watching TV during session to teach. In hindsight, what would he teach if he didnt know the material? After the 3rd class participation hit 0%. When I asked to withdraw during midterm, the phone operator explained that it would be more expensive to withdraw than wait until the end of the term. So I was left holding the bill for a nondescript service and no desire to get ripped off anymore. Where are the 15 students of this class? How many decided to continue? The recruiter bragged about a 100% completion rate. What is the drop out rate for CTU Online with only 50% participation? A CTU Online Dean never responded to the allegation I posed in a letter. They should spend less time harassing students and put more into their quality assurance. How do they operate under the guise of a university? They should seriously worry about keeping their accreditation.