Okay, I have to chime in here, b/c I see a lot of negativity out there :-) I just received my Master's degree and this was the most difficult set of courses I've _ever_ gone through (bar none). I found the required discussion/participation in class very rewarding, as NO ONE can sit in the back of the class in this type of venue. It is imperative (to your grade) that you participate in discussions; there is a lot of knowledge and experience imparted in these discussions; much more so than I would have received in a traditional brick and mortar classroom setting. Why? For one (that I'd noticed when we all got to Commencement) is that most people were older than the typical Master's students at a B&M at a University campus. A lot of these people are out in their field working already with a lot of real-world experience to give to the class. This is just one of the values of UoP that I've gained. Some of their stories and experiences (and the personalities themselves!) I would have never met in my local University setting (even though many of those people may have been from other parts of the country/world, too). The amount of writing that one is required to do is also quite a bit more than a traditional school setting (well, let's put it into papers/week count, because I'm sure that a traditional Master's program probably has one writing quite a few papers, as well). However, within the typical 6 week course, I'd say there were the 3-5 500 word essays (the DQs) per week, the 1000-2000 word essays per week, and the mega paper/presentation (5000 words/lots of slides) at the end. On top of this was the 50+ pages (or so) to read in our book, articles from the rEsource, and anything else that we could cull from the Internet, books, and articles from magazines, etc. All in all, I feel that there was a lot of work and if you could keep up with it, great, if not, you ended up complaining a lot about it on websites, stating that UoP was not a very good University or some such nonsense. I will agree, however, that some of the difficulties that people have expressed with the Learning Teams are true (I experienced that throughout my classes). However, as a Master's candidate, you must recognize the fact that there will be people in your life who are going to fail and they will most likely be right next to you. The solution? Prepare! When you see a big assignment coming your way, just assume that _you_ will be the one who will handle the whole thing and when people step in to help out, all the better. You must be proactive and step up to the plate with keeping up the work. Otherwise, it won't get done. Yes, this does allow others to ride your coattails, but I have found that those people did not graduate, either. I went through the entire program knowing that I was honest about my work and turning it in on time (and collaborating when/if necessary). The one and only time that I let others lead (my very last class) was the time that things slid until the very last moment. I agree that there is a somewhat inherent flaw in the Learning Team approach, but in the long term, the stragglers will not come out ahead, as they will not succeed. This *is* how it is in real life anyway (these folks get fired, can't achieve, etc), so why should it bother you, if you are a success? David M. Patterson, UoP MSCIS, 2005 