My experience at Capella was very good. They work really hard to help you succeed and offer high quality programs. Their staff was extremely helpful without being pushing anything down my throat (unlike other schools). A couple of things about Capella: 1. They achieved regional accreditation in record time. The school is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools (NCA). 2. It is the only distance learning school in American that offers two graduate masters programs in counseling that are CACREP accreditted. For those that don't know what CACREP stands for, let me say that the highest ranked counseling programs in the country are CACREP accreditted! 3. Capella's continuation education courses are APA approved. 4. Their psychology degree programs have changed drastically to meet APA requirements and are the closest to achieve APA accreditation than any other distance learning school. 5. Their IT in Information Security masters degrees have CNSS certification which is a great plus in your resume. 6. A Capella PhD grad was awarded the 2005 Minnesota Occupational Therapy Research Award! http://minneapolis.dbusinessnews.com/shownews.php?newsid=57005&type_news=latest 7. You can sign up for a FREE course at Capella to see how you like it. Capella is now using WebCT in the courseroom. WebCT is used by many brick & mortar schools that offer DL courses and if often rated much higher than Blackboard. WebCT is not for everyone and occasionally some students have had problems using it, which is why I encourage anyone to take Capella's free course first to see if WebCT will work for you. Other schools don't offer free courses and simply take your money whether you like their classes or not. Capella is expensive, but other decent schools like Walden, Union, Saybrook and many others charge even more and none of their programs have professional accreditations yet. Last and not least, there is not a perfect fit for everyone and based in my experience, it pays to research the curriculum and teaching format of each school of interest. My final choice was Capella but as long as the school of your choice is regionally accreditted, you should be fine. Good luck!! 