The university does a fine job of providing distance graduate education. Some argue it to be a diploma mill without understanding the facts of the school. Its fully accreditited by the Higher Learning Commission, the same regional accreditation body that certifies the Air Force Academy, the University of Chicago, Indiana University, Kent State, Purdue and a host of others. It suffered some growing pains as any organization with its growth rate would, and perhaps it didn't manage its quality with as much perfection as one would have hoped; but its nothing like the University of Phoenix in terms of being oversized or targeting a lowest common denominator. Those who can't write well or conduct proper research fail to finish the program. They can't pass their comps, and they can't complete their dissertations. Anyone who wants evidence of the quality of a Capella graduate can either stand by for the stories of their success to come, or read the published research completed by these students available at http://wwwlib.umi.com/dissertations/search/advanced/school and enter Capella. Its a fine school, with over 70% of the faculty terminally degreed, and it gives the chance for bright, hard working, non-traditional students to prove themselves from anywhere in the world. There are soldiers in Iraq working nights on their degrees at Capella. Nothing wrong with that. Those with sour grapes couldnt cut it, have an ax to grind, and are devoting their time to smearing the school. Naturally, if you want to devote your time and talent to a traditional graduate degree program then go for it. Its a noble undertaking. Its a proven honor. If youre a working professional or at a point in your life where you cant sacrifice the time to return to a brick and mortar environment for several years but still think you have what it takes to contribute to academia and earn your credentials, right now Capella is probably the best choice you have. On-line education is here to stay. Its the 21st century after all. 