I attended Temple U from 1991 to 1997. I was in the Bachelor of Architecture program when it was still on the main campus. I lived on campus in a dorm the whole time I was there, except for my last year I had an apartment, but it was still on campus. As for Philadelphia, parts can be nice and fun to go to.. but Temple was in the middle of a ghetto. Gun shots in the middle of the night were common, and you didn't dare walk off campus alone at night. It was very dangerous. I was jumped by muggers 3 different times walking to the architecture building on the edge of campus (once in broad daylight). The constant asking of spare change by locals got annoying REALLY fast. As for the education, it was average. Temple isn't anything spectacular or awesome. The instructors were ok for the most part. You were lucky if your instructor DIDN'T have some sort of foreign accent you couldn't understand. Security in the buildings was a joke, or non-existant in the first place. Quick true story: My fiancee (at the time) had a security guard actually punch her in the face (on the nose like the guard was trying to ram the bone up into her brain) because my fiancee wouldn't show her ID to the guard (who DIDN'T have any uniform on and looked like she was an 18 year old student). After the incident and an investigation, Temple Police found out that the female guard had lied on her application, gave a false address, and had disappeared. What the #%@&?? Shows you what kind of people Temple hires and screens... pitiful. The workers in the dorm cafeterias are rude and obnoxious, barely finished high school, and are usually racist. Actually, a large part of Temple is racist. Secretaries and administrative personnel are the same way. One has to wonder where Temple finds these people. Granted, there are some nice and competent workers and teachers, but they make up maybe 1% of the Temple employees who are worth the air they breathe and the paychecks they receive. Campus life sucked. Not a whole lot to do on campus, since about 95% of the students live off campus. Luckily for me, I spent most of my time in the architecture studio drawing and building models, so it didn't matter to me anyway. But for other people, i know they were bored. Groups of people would go downtown or somewhere. Anyway, there's tons more I could go off on... but you get the idea. I was accepted to other schools, but Temple was cheaper because I was in-state and it wasn't to far away from my house. I've modified Temple's motto to reflect reality for me. Temple's motto is I could have gone anywhere, but I chose Temple (or something like that)... My new motto for it is I could have gone anywhere, but I could afford Temple ... sad, but true. My advice to those who are considering Temple: find a safer, nicer, friendlier school somewhere else. My experiences were mostly bad or disappointing there. Don't attend an average school in a dangerous area like Temple. You can do better. You owe it to yourself to actually enjoy those 4 or 5 years in college, not hate every day there. That's all I will say. Good luck.