I am two weeks away from completing my MBA from University of Phoenix on campus. I can only speak on the MBA program there since I completed my undergraduate degree at a traditional university. First, I don't understand why the term degree mill is being used. I went full-time, never missed a class, never dropped a class, and went non-stop from beginning to end and it took me 22 months to complete. Most, if not all, brick and mortar universities' MBA programs take 2-2.5 years to complete as well. A true degree mill university would offer a much quicker way to the diploma, say 8 or 9 months for example. I can honestly say that the quality of my University of Phoenix diploma is just as good as most traditional universities, with the exception of some highly rated ones such as Kellogg, and University of Chicago. I have learned A LOT and the MBA program is comprehensive. You learn and are exposed to just about every aspect of business in today's modern world. With respect to admissions the criteria for acceptance to the MBA program, a bachelors degree with a 2.5 cumulative G.P.A. and three years of full-time work experience is required. Sure you weren't required to take any entrance exams but I don't think those requirements are minimal either. In regards to the previous comment on the 98% acceptance rate, I was wondering how he came up with that figure. I think 98% acceptance is a bit exaggerated but it has some truth to it. It is true that many get accepted but it doesnt necessarily mean that the quality of the student body is minimal at best. All of the students who are not serious about getting their degree will get weeded out during the program. It requires too much work and commitment to just slide by and get that degree. One thing I didn't like about the school is that is has a very corporate like atmosphere. Personally, I enjoyed the college atmosphere and I wish it were more prevalent in the campus. Lastly, the quality of the teachers is quite adequate and just as good as most universities in the Chicagoland area. (Thats where I'm from) The University of Phoenix model utilizes teachers with real-world experience, all of who work in the industries they teach in. This is good and bad. It's good because they can bring a perspective that can't be learned in a book, and can teach you about actual business practices not found in textbooks as well, such as dealing with office politics and how some decisions are made in executive management. (You would be surprised) The bad side of that being a good CEO, attorney, CPA, or a good manager doesnt necessarily mean you can teach. I've had some bad teachers but most of them were good. University of Phoenix has very few PhDs, which was disheartening to see. None of the teachers work there full-time either, which is another thing I didn't like about UOP. University of Phoenix is a good quality institution of higher education,but not a great one. I think that its approach is new and unique, which lends itself to criticism because people are slow to accept change. Just remember there are over 200,000 students enrolled. One has to ask oneself, could all those people around the world be idiots that can't get a degree from another place? I think not. UOP has the highest number of enrollment in the world, they must offer some value otherwise it wouldn't be as successful as it is. 