In the beginning of my program, I was very negative about the team component of the program. Every team is different and I resent the fact that my grade is often affected by people who have little self-motivation and no ethics! However, I have learned how to manage and have yet to lose points because of team disfunction. In addition, I have learned a lot about how to use cooperative groups with my own students. In most classes, the team element has helped students to better understand the content. I would suggest that those people who have been outright negative about the requirement are A) New to the Program; B)Lousy Team Members; C) Feel that they must hold synchronous work sessions and cannot function effectively by posting to meet team deadlines according to his or her own time and schedule. I have recently added a specialization to my original Masters degree program, which has been difficult because my latest advisor is awful! This is the first time I have had a poor advisor, but I agree with the others who stated that counsellor and advisor turnover is very high! As for the faculty... Let's see... I have seen pne fired mid-course and I have had a few who could barely spell. I can recall having lousy teachers on-campus, but there I was able to drop the class more easily than in the online program. This is an area where a student often feels powerless. You can file complaints against an instructor or a fellow student, but you will not be informed of any outcomes. On the other hand, I have seen some excellent online instructors! They are the ones who actually read what you write; post often and in meaningful ways, and who are interested in you as a student. Students in the online program should know that wnd-of-course surveys are taken VERY seriously and there you have the opportunity and responsibility to provide the university with accurate feedback about the course, the instructor, how your experience met expectations, academic and financial advisement, etc. Finally, Online education is not too easy! If you do not write papers well and cannot meet the average of three papers per week plus interaction with peers and teams on four separate days- do not even consider this format of earning a degree. The stress is very high and your family often only see the back of your head for days at a time. If you have heard from a person who got an A without submitting work- well I cannot believe that! I have seen people lose points for errors in APA format and for late posting. Most of the instructors post clear grading rubrics for assignments. If you are a quality student and meet those requirements- then, yes you will get an A. In addition, the math of points per assignment needs to be accounted. If you neglect to post a complete response to one of the Discussion Questions (DQ), you might lose .4 for the task. It is hard to judge an online class until you actually take a few and learn the ropes. I did not have another way to earn my Masters at this time in my life, which is why I had to choose online. I have become a great student and love the online learning environment. UOP allows me to manipulate when I log on, as it is against policy to be limited to a specific 24-hour period of posting. Team members sometimes try to mandate specific times to be online. You have the right to say No. You can simply state that you will post the agreed portion/section by that time and then enter into an editing routine. I have a full-time teaching job with extra-curricular responsibilities and administrative duties, a husband and home, and two young boys. If I can earn a masters, one which I am proud to say that I worked hard for and earned with a high-level of academic standard, then anyone willing to accept the responsibility of being an ethical, motivated, and intense student can do the same. No school is right for everyone. UOP online is right for me and for many others who meet the rigorous deadlines each week. 