Portland State is a fine University for any person without physical and/or Learning Disabilities. Unfortunately, I was physically disabled from injuries suffered while serving the DOD in the Middle East, and have been dyslexic since birth. When I attended grade and high school, I was treated for speach and hearing difficulties. (The brain of a dyslexic person is slighty different, unlike 92% of the poplulation who process the information they see linearly and sequentially, our view of the world is multi-dimensional, and in picture form.) I love learning, and I'm very curious person, so when I started my formal education at PSU, a life-long dream come true, I was filled with confidence, optimisim, and good-will towards all. Most importantly, I was delivering on a solemn promise made to my Mother and GrandFather prior to their passing. The college even gave me nearly sixty hours of credit for classes taken at other Universities, starting out with a 3.2 GPA. Three terms later, I find myself completely void of self-esteem, feeling stupid and dumb, totally alone, and unsure if I will be able to finish my Winter term FINALS, while working on my Spring-term assignment!! Sadly, my support system collapsed when both my mentor of many years, and my blessed life-mate, my wife, passed away within four months of each other. I have spent countless hours appropriate help and support from PSU. Not sure if I am intellectually able to get a college education anywhere. The experts say that typically it will take me 6-7 times longer to work reading and writing assignments, than people w/o dyslexia. I have worked 18 hours per day, seven days per week for the past 8 months, and I am still drifting ever closer to the top of the falls. Please remember I am dyslexic, if my message is unclear, I'm sorry. It has taken me two hours to write, and I swear I have done my best. Most everything I learn comes from hearing the words of caring people. I'm stuck, and unable to see a positive outcome. It's very difficult for this old Indian to beg and whine for help, but if you have any thoughts to help guide my way, please share them with me. I would be more grateful than this dyslexic has words...Daniel Silver Eagle, dsilvereagle@comcast.net. 