To start, many not familiar with the university system in North Carolina often get confused concerning the name of the system and the individual schools. Technically, the entire university system is called the University of North Carolina while the flagship school is the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. There are other campuses with city name extensions in Greensboro, Asheville and elsewhere. This item is obviously for the university in Chapel Hill. With that said, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is the leading state supported liberal arts university in the state, and one of the leading liberal arts universities in the South and in the country, not to mention the oldest state supported university in the United States. The academics are strong, the student body is diverse, the programs and offered degrees are nearly if not all-inclusive, and admission is highly competitive. Chapel Hill also offers several leading athletic programs (eg men's and women's basketball, women's soccer, and Olympic, non-revenue sports). The physical setting is essentially a dedicated college town with a well-developed commercial and entertainment infrastructure that provides the student enrollment with nearly unlimited social activities; moreover, the governmental, service and industrial center of Raleigh is within a thirty minute drive (including an international airport). Finally, the cost of tuition is unbeatable for citizens of North Carolina, especially when compared to the in-state competition (eg Duke and Wake Forest). On the other hand (as other comments have noted), admission and cost requirements are higher for non-North Carolina residents. This does result in a noticeable, though not exaggerated difference between resident and non-resident students; however, I imagine this is true with any state supported university. The bottom line is that North Carolina is strong in academics, athletics and social activities, is recognized and respected nationwide if not globally, and is an excellent financial investment when compared to other schools.