Depending on what campus you attend and what your program is, I feel each person will experience DeVry differently. Currently I am attending DeVry Universtiy Long Beach. My studies began as a Telecommunications Management major, but then the school decieded to change my program to Network and Communications Management. I am not please with my experience with DeVry. There are too few classes in this study to work a schedule around. Also there are not too many professors in this major, so if you are looking to learn networking, I would definately try looking at other schools/universities to see what they have to offer. The tuition is extremely high. Currently I am paying close to $500 per unit and since I have been attending, DeVry has increased their tuition almost every trimester. The staff does not seem to what to provide the necessary assistance to help you get through it all. As one posting states, the less you bother them the better. What I find ironic is most of the staff and adjuct professors are not even graduates from their own school. That leads me to wonder. Overall many in my program are not happy with the school. Every semester their is a $75 tech fee if you are part-time and $125 if you are full time. The computer labs are average at best. Most of the lab excercises for my program are made up by the professors themeselves or are taken out of the provided text book. This can turn out to be interesting for depending on the text book, what you are studing is probably outdated and not too relevant to real world experience. Most professors are sharing what they have learned in the real world and attempt to provide practical theories and experience, however since most professors are working at DeVry to supplement their income, it feels as if you do not have their full attention. If you do work and want to attend DeVry part-time, most of the courses for your major are only offered for 8 weeks--meeting twice a week. Once during the week and on Saturday for the lab work. The courses seemed very rushed, so if you have absolutly no outside experience, you may feel like the course is over your head. Many of the professors take this forgranted and teach as if they are at a weekend seminar of their peers. Also, the evening and weekend students are often ignored by the SA, FA and the rest of the staff. This is my thrid year at DeVry, and since I am a part-time student, I pay more for tuition then regular full time students. To get the best for your buck, it is best to take the regular full time track. This way the classes are extended to 15 weeks and more attention and time is given. The financial aid office is a joke. B. Woods is the financial aid director and if you ring her phone off the hook, she will finally give you the attention you need. Because of the constant increase of tuition, my financial aid will only take care of 6 units. In order to get financial aid you must take two classes. So right now I am paying about $1,500 per semester out of my own pocket in order to finish my studies. If you already have an AA degree or some credits from another instituion, only SOME of the credits will transfer over--namely any of the the R's--reading, writing or math. Overall, if you are considering going to DeVry, pay close attention to what program you are thinking about attending. Take the time to try to find a few students at that campus and in your program and talk to them about their experience and base your decision off that. For if you talk to the staff, because they want your $500 per unit, they will sing roses and praises for the school. But once they get you in and you sign on the dotted line, you are lost in the shuffle and pretty much ignored. I hope this helped. 