I am a junior biochemistry major at Temple and I can honestly say that Temple is one of the best schools in this country and is extremely reputable. Since education is what you make it, Temple has offered me a very valuable education ($ wise) and has allowed me to be taught by distinguished professor's from M.I.T, Yale, Harvard, and Dartmouth. Temple is definitely at the top and is only getting better each year due to the expanding campus, the selective admission standards and recruitment of top students, and the recruitment of some of the best researchers and professors from top schools in America. I am on the debate team and when we compete against Harvard (that's right, we debate against all of the ivy's and other top tier schools), we get respect from these so called top notch students. People know Temple is an excellent school but it seems to me like those who have previously posted continuously bring up the bad area. Go to UPenn(dark, scary, and people get raped all the time on their campus), Drexel(where I was going to go but realized that there is no campus, it's extremely scary and unsafe, and the only programs that aren't terrible are the engineering and fashion programs), LaSalle(which is in the deep north philadelphia ghetto but doesn't get criticized because it is an unranked private school), Fordham(in the bronx for crying out loud), NYU(when I went to visit me friend last year I heard 2 gunshots go off), and Columbia(Harlem is not a good area). All are in cities, all have crime, all have gunshots, and homeless people. Get over it! The people who complain about Temple went there when there was no campus or social life. The campus is expanding and is very comfortable and social. The party scene is also great (due primarily to the three new student housing developments put up over the last year). I would urge anyone who got into Upenn, Temple, and Drexel to choose Temple over all. I did. Temple kids are just smarter(as our motto goes) and we get a bad rap because of the area we are in. Temple is an excellent school with nationally ranked top programs and professional schools. I have only been there for two years and I have never been afraid, scared, or threatened. For those who complain about the people working in the cafeteria who are rude, IT HAPPENS EVERYWHERE! I went to Princeton for a debate and the same poor and uneducated ignorant people were serving my food in the cafeteria! Now, to get back to the issues that matter (affordable education that has just as many ivy league professors and programs as Penn)...Choose Temple, you won't regret it.