I graduated from Lancaster in 2004 and I totally agree with EVERYONE. It's both a great place and a complete ****hole. My first year at Lancaster was easily the best year I have ever had. There are 9 bars on campus (although you'll probably never go to Graduate Bar) and the campus is like a small town so you never really need to leave, which is good, because you wouldn't want to. The courses were fairy easy, in fact provided you can remember what course you're on you're pretty much guaranteed to leave with a degree. The problem is, come your second year, they kick you out into the city of Lancaster. The problem with Lancaster itself is that it's possibly the worst place in the entire world. On the outside you think, hey, this place looks alright. Look, there's loads of bars, ooh, a couple of clubs, and a Sainsbury's. This doesn't seem like a bad place to live for three years. The problem is that THAT'S ALL THERE IS! The typical night in Lancaster involves drinking so much that you think that going to the Sugarhouse is a good idea, and then you go to the Sugarhouse, which it turns out to not be a good idea at all. Well, not unless you like hearing the same unbelievably bad music mixed with the same five 80's songs every time you go, being absolutely freezing, standing knee deep in piss and drinking warm, out of date alcopops on special offer. Of course you can go to Liquid, but only on a Monday - student nights can be alright but any other day of the week and it's full of chavs. Yes, Lancaster itself is a chav stronghold. Anyone who isn't a student is almost certainly bound to be a chav, which rules out a lot of places that students actually go on a night out. There's basically only the Friary that's a cert to go to; there's no chavs there and the booze is cheap, and actually it's a pretty damn good place. But the chavs, they are EVERYWHERE. You'll live next door to chavs, you'll get served by chavs, you'll get nearly run over by chavs, you'll get mugged by chavs, and you'll almost certainly not go in there, it's full of chavs. Anyone on here who says that Lancaster is a great place is a chav. So, go for the first year then leave and go to a better run university. Unless of course you're a chav, in which case get some bling and burberry on, get in your pimped-out ride and go to Lancaster! It's chavtastic! 