I am currently 1 class away from completing my MBA at UOP having exclusively attended the on ground campus. I think the program is pretty intensive, if you follow the program you will have completed 85 papers 17 presentations and had the ups and downs of dealing good or bad teams. Its about writing, speaking in front of people, getting through the program and dealing with people. My undergraduate degree was at a traditional state university and given the effort over the last 22 months I have worked harder getting this degree than my undergrad. For those you who remember undergrad- theres always a segment of slackers you went to school with and they still graduated !!! The program is what you make of it and what you take out of. I have seen the posting of all the whining and those who either cannot get their financial aid package, need counseling or are unable to complete the program. Wake up these are the same issues at traditional schools with the same lame excuses. This is a school for adults who can handle the program, know where they are going and dont need the hand holding. Work teams can be marginal and political, but hey folks this is what you deal with in the real work environment. There are achievers and slackers. Crappy teachers so what, Ive gone to 2 traditional universities to complete by undergraduate with large lecture halls and graduate assistants teaching part of the class, professors worried about tenure and some havent had a real job in the business world for decades. Ill admit some of the UOP instructors are marginal, but look at their background all have MBA from 1st and 2nd tier universities- what does that say about those programs. The point is that the curriculum is valid if you do the reading and the work. Schools like UOP or on-line options are growing especially among established traditional schools and if you check the courses and weeks they are no different. As for those whining about the school being for profit so what - there is a need for adult education in this format and it works for UOP. They are accredited just like all other traditional schools so what is this about a degree mill ???? Every accredited college is a degree mill every year they crank out graduates. If UOP helps you compete with them and this format works for you as a working adult then more power to you. It works for me. This tuition for me is 100% covered by my company approved bypeople who have MBAs from traditional schools. If they have no problem funding this then it validates the value that UOP is providing to me. I recommend UOP for those that can keep focus, know why they are going, make the effort to understand the subject and plan on getting out quickly. Best of Luck to all of you