As the president of the ASB at the Long Beach campus I have had very many mixed feelings when it comes to DeVry... Im a 7th term Computer Engineering Technology major and I really think that devry has kind of gone through alot of problems ever since their "hay-day" back in the mid-late ninties...for any prospective students, here is my pro/con list for you: //----------------------------- // // PROS // //----------------------------- ---small class sizes, on the average your classes will have between 6 - 15 students... usually on the smaller side. that doesnt sound like much, but even if your professor sucks, at least hes only ten feet away rather than 400 in a lecture hall ---expedient education devry uses a trimester based system, which means that you only have 6 weeks off for the whole year; however, you graduate in three if you take the standard course load of 17.68 units per tri ---abet/tac accreditation devry has had accreditation for a long time now and here at the long beach campus, abet tac gave us the longest accreditation that they offer. ---job placement i had two friends last semester that graduated with 3.5 and 3.9 and both were offered engineering positions that offered their starting pay at 50k and 65k respectively there are tons of jobs for us CET's and EET's...that if you work hard in them your looking at 6-figure salaries within 10 years easily //----------------------------- // // CONS // //----------------------------- ---bad profs while almost every school has em....we seem to draw them like flies. ive had well over half of my classes taught by completely ridiculous professors, some of which truly puzzled me as to how anyone in the world could actually hire this person ---incompetent administration sometimes i truly am amazed whenever i have to visit any of the various departments, particularly student finance. the experience that i have when i visit student finance is much like going to the dentist, except when i leave, nothing is ever fixed, and i am always angrier than when i entered. ---business run academic institution alot of the decisions as to classes are made with a business mentality when they should be made with an educational one. course changes, student activites, even outsourcing the bookstore are all run with a business-like, bottom-line driven mentality ---the cost i dont even need to explain this one; however let me tell you that if you actually read the quarterly reports that are sent to devry's stakeholders, you will find the following in thier recent statistics: online, night time, and weekend enrollment is up 29% from last year while full-time day student enrollment is down porportionally. this tells us one of two things either students are switching from daytime to the others, or new students are coming as fast as the old ones are leaving. why would they do this? its MUCH cheaper to attend any other way than full-time mind you it will probably take 2 to 4 times longer to fulfill your degree requirements. //------------------------- // // Conclusion // //------------------------- DeVry is the school model of the future; for better or worse. DeVry educates over 200,000 people across the nation. DeVry started itself as a technical training facility for radio technicians in the 1930's. Many of the first courses taught were done so under "top secret" security clearances, and at the time were the most cutting edge training anyone could get. If DeVry is going to reclaim it's position as the best technical education out there, it MUST refocus its efforts back to its roots, and strengthen them with all of its force. DeVry must cut it's fluff....trim the fat! get rid of all the ridiculus programs that we have no facilities for; namely the GSP, HMIT, BMET, BMI, etc.etc. DeVry is a technical university and we have some of the best labs for CET, EET, ECT, even NCM students. We have the capability to become a great institution of HIGHER education, but only if we stop pandereing to the greed-filled marketing strategies of beurocratic buisinessmen! 