I am about to graduate with a BSBM from UofP in May 05. I have been to many schools on my quest for knowledge and I have had, and continue to have a satisfying time there. I love the team work and at the end of a project my team gets many and varied takes on a scenario. I have a great team. Our papers are excellent and we learn alot. I also love the pace. Having experienced both a tradtional setting, as well as a non-traditional setting I can say I like both. If you go online you will see that many schools are offering these types of classes and they are always expensive.The University of Washington and Harvard University are two examples. I can also tell you that the University of Washington has some aggressive reps too. I contacted them regarding some classes.They will not give you any info without a phone interview. Traditonal schools are realizing the financial impact of these types of programs and want to get on the bandwagon. With so many working adults enrolling for classes at UoP compared to the amounts of complaints on this site these reviews should not make much of an impact. I am a business major and I am all for making a profit in a business. The fact that UoP is a for profit school does not affect me one bit. Has anyone checked lately, college is not cheap. I love having instructors who are also working in the fields they are teaching. I have met some very smart instructors at the UoP and they have all been knowlegeable and upbeat. The classes are a great size of 12-15 which helps with discussions and in class activities. Ah yes, I have recently been promoted in my department to very important job in the healthcare field. I would not have been considered for that job without a degree. So that is my take. Oops!One more thing. I have written a rating once all ready and I notices it was never added to the other reviews. Can anyone tell me why that may happen? Thank you, Marnie This is a comment to the buckstopshere. UoP does not offer an associates degree in 2 weeks, nor a bachelor's in 4 weeks. If you are going to use this site, then please be honest. It took me 21/2 years to finish my degree. If you did not have a good experience it is hard to believe you because your comments were blatant lies. This is to alpepper-There is a UoP in Phoenix. That is where it originated. 