My Master's in Information Technology at UMUC stings as one of the great bad investments of my life. The whole experience was so utterly fraudulent on so many levels. But I was already invested in the third semester before I could no longer dismiss as flukes my astoundingly incompetent or apathetic professors. Egregious plagiarism was the name of the game: Professors regularly regurgitate curricula and lectures from prior semesters. Students merely copy and paste discussion threads into their own submissions, knowing their instructors award grades based on automated metrics like word count. Power Point is considered an acceptable format for term papers! No thesis required for a Masters degree. And the anonymity of online study, already a huge obstacle to an edifying experience, is I believe actively promoted by UMUC for the simple reason that its impossible to criticize when you cant organize. I recall one class in which our instructor logged in (and this is not an exaggeration) twice during the semester: once to greet everyone and once to collect our final exams. Four or five of us managed to overcome the anonymity of our chat rooms to take action: a formal letter to the administration which went totally unanswered. I guess what I find most depressing is the thought of people pursuing their undergraduate degrees at UMUC. Having gone to a traditional University for my Bachelor's, I simply cannot imagine a graduate of UMUC's Web Tycho interface having experienced anything substantive. And it may sound elitist, but it just seems depressing to think of tens of thousands (a href= http://www.umuc.edu/ip/umucfacts_02.html) of people walking around, thinking they've learned anything more than how to manipulate a web interface. That UMUC is accredited raises some serious questions about the state of academia and the trend towards distance education. And I do suspect that these problems are not unique to UMUC. High-bandwidth distance education, through which real bonds, expectations and communication can take place, might work some day. But the current state of distance education is just too shallow, but promoted by an educational system too strapped for cash and a community of working adults, too strapped for time. UMUC's WebTycho interface is at best a pretend classroom with a few clever javascripts and java applets to entertain you while you wait months for feedback on that paper you're now starting to feel embarrassed for having taken so seriously. You'll learn though, and by the end of your program, you'll find you needn't even bother buying the textbooks and you can get by with a couple manic hours of copying and pasting once or twice a semester. Had an interview recently in which my interviewer said: UMUC, yeah - I've heard of them. I see their ads on the metro all the time. -but, I mean, is that even a real degree? Have noticed some others here are giving UMUC 4 or 5 stars - Don't believe them: This is a case of the Emperor's New Clothes if ever there was one! I don't even bother to list it on my resume anymore. ( http://www.epinions.com/content_145499459204) 