I'm about 2/3rds done with my online MBA. I currently have a 3.75 GPA and that is not an easy task. I had to earn the grade, studying 20 to 40 hours each week. I agree the standards for acceptance are very low, and that there are a lot of students that are sub-par. Because of this, learning teams are hit or miss. I try to analyze each member in the first week in hopes to find the good team members. This is a good way to avoid a bad group. However the advantage of having a bad group is that it gives you an opportunity to work on communication and leadership skills. As in any school, there is a mix of good and bad teachers. I am very impressed with the credentials each teacher has. I smile inside at people preferring teachers with a PHD. I would prefer being taught by a teacher with more career experience than a highly educational degree. Remember that saying "Those that can't do - - Teach." Although I do agree a teacher with both experience and education is a win-win situation. I believe that through the years, as the school becomes more recognized and accepted, the degree will carry more weight. I do agree that UoP has a reputation of being "commercialized" and "sub-Par." However over time, as on-line degrees become more common, that reputation will diminish. I travel a lot, and that is why I chose the UoP online degree. In my travels I ran into a retired executive that hired Stanford and Harvard graduates. He mumbled UoP to him, and I was surprised to see that he knew about the school. I asked him about how well the candidates did from each school. He said all three from Harvard were awesome. Two out of three from Stanford were good, and I was very surprised that two out of three from the UoP did well in his organization. He also emphasized that interviewing skills is the most important thing in an interview. It's not the school or GPA that is important. It has more to do with your interviewing skills! I know a lady that has a UoP MBA. She also mumbles when she announces where she got her degree. However she has bounced around in various management roles in my organization and is now working as an IT consultant earning about $100,000. Not too shabby. I rate the school with 5 stars because it really is a decent school. It gives me the flexibility to work full time, and still have time with my family. It was the best choice for me, and it has fulfilled all my expectations. Best regards, Ian 