Ouch! Some pretty harsh comments posted here, not all unwarranted. As a current student UMUC-Europe, I can confirm that not all comments posted here are loaded, but I must say, many are. Does anyone really buy that the Director is posting “student's names, social security account numbers, and addresses on the World Wide Web”. If you do, try checking that claim. I doubt you’ll find much to back it up; I tried and failed. But, as I mentioned, many claims posted here have sustenance. Sometimes, the books assigned to a course are sub par (and I stress SOMTIMES), grades for some courses come in slowly (really annoying), and “in-class” courses get canceled often (in Europe). But some of these issues are very easily explained (even justified) if one takes the time to think about, as one post asked, “what is UMUC doing in Europe”? Well, they are there serving the military community with scattered all about Europe and the Middle East. You see, UMUC has a contract with the Department of Defense to educate the military community stationed overseas. Someone has to provide for the education of military members and their families while stationed overseas. It is the Department of Defense that dictates what kind of programs can be offered to their community overseas. In fact, it is the DOD that pretty much runs the show. Now, To conduct an in-class course (Face-to-face), there has to be enough people registered in that class to carry it on, and if there is not, well, the class gets canceled and field representatives try to encourage students to take distance learning courses (that never get canceled) in lieu. With bases closing, and more and more of our soldiers being deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan etc.. (and their wives and children going back to the States), enrollment (in-class) is falling and classes are being canceled. I also here a lot of complaints directed at the faculty and staff at UMUC-ED. Just a short insider bit of info I got from a friend that works there: UMUC-Europe employees get paid roughly half of what their counterparts in the states get paid AND, given that they are much less resourced, do twice the work. I would assume that is a factor in their oftentimes less-than-sunny dispositions. To put in my two cents of the University, I’ll say this: I have done my research, and for what it is (an institution catering to the military community, ..and think about what that means), UMUC does a great job providing education for military members stationed overseas. Yes, things could be done better, but I guarantee that it is the BEST University with a home-base overseas if only for it’s broad range of programs (in comparison), it’s quality of education, and it’s flexibility. I graduated with a B.S. from a great University in the States, so I like to think I know what good instruction is. UMUC-ED may not live up to my previous institutions academic standards, but you know what, I think to think that you get what you give. Just a few cents from a UMUC-ED student. 