My friend, Faith, asked me to rate and comment on our school, the University of Minnesota. I was going to give the school 4 stars, but after I read Faith's comments, I realized that the U deserves 5 stars. I really do love it here! I would like to comment on some common myths about this school. Some people, who have never even visited the school, call it a commuter school, which is simply not true. There are SOME commuters, but in my 2 1/2 years at the U (I'm a junior), I have only met a handful of them. We have 8 dormitories, 2 University-owned apartment buildings, and we're in the process of building another dormitory! Plus, there are tons of apartment buildings and houses available for rent on and near the campus. I would say that a majority of the students live on campus. And speaking of the students, they come from everywhere! This school is certainly not made up entirely of Minnesota residents! In fact, my roommate last year was from Alaska! There are also many international students, and students from all over the United States. Another myth is that the school is HUGE. True, there are over 20,000 students, but it doesn't FEEL huge. In fact, it feels more like a smaller school, for a number of reasons. Most of my classes have fewer than 25 students in them. Currently, I only have one lecture class (which has about 75 students), but even the professor in that class is extremely willing and eager to help me with any problems that I may have. In fact, I have never encountered a professor who wasn't excited to help me outside of class! Another reason it feels small, is because I am in the honors program. Its tough, but I recommend it to anyone who is weary of attending a large school. The advising is incredible, as are the scholarships! A girl from the honors program last year, is currently at Oxford in England as a Rhodes Scholar. I could go on and on about the U, but I'm actually going to be late for my class, so I better end this review now! In closing, I would just like to say that if you are looking for a school with a great reputation, great academics, in a great city (Minneapolis is FANTASTIC!), with great students and professors, at a great price, then I highly recommend the University of Minnesota! 