I have been going to UOP for 3 years now after attending community college as well as a major 4 year University in Illinois. Overall I like UOP for these reasons, 1. The coursework is relevant and challenging, the marketing and business courses I take online through UOP present the same content and degree of difficulty and involvement that my classes at the University of Illinois did, The school does not hand out A's like some have said, I am a young guy and I admit I tried to skate through a class or two and my grade reflected such actions, if you don't put your all into your papers or if you do not add valuable information to the class discussions your grade will reflect that behavior. 2. The structure of the online enviornment is designed to help working adults. I work full time and have a 1 year old son. I can go online at any time of the day from home or work and participate by adding my thoughts to the class discussions and answering the questions posted each week. To be able to contribute to these discussions and questions and sound like you know what you are talking about you have to read the teachers lecture as well as the assigned reading. I do not see how this is different that a regular brick and mortar school. At my 4 year college I had to listen to the teachers lecture then read my book to be able to answer questions during lab time. At UOP online I need to read the lecture and my book to learn the material, there is no difference except that instead of listening to the teachers lecture where I may start to day dream or droodle I have to read the lecture which requires much more dedication from the students. 3. The school is fully accredited just as the University of Illinois is, my degree is worth the same from both schools as far as the accrediation agenecies are concerned. This is a valuable asset when it comes to job interviews. Here are a few things people complain about with UOP 1. The counselors take a while to get back to you and sometimes you can feel unimportant. Yet this is the same with any college, counselors always suck it is just a part of college life. When you are reading these reviews do not let the comment of some unresponsive counselors take away from the educational value of the school. If you go to dinner and your waiter is bad does that mean your food is automatically bad also.....not usually. 2. Some instructors are weak, meaning they are not involved. In the online community this means they just post a few questions then read your responses and send you a grade but do not interact with you. This happens sometimes but most of the time at least in my expereience the instructors have been great and they respond to yur discussion and add professional insight. Remember that the instructors at UOP are actually working in the fields they are teaching right now. The inside information and personal stories you hear are great, my last instructor worked for the American Express Open team and told us about their upcoming marketing campaign. At a traditional University you can get lectures from professors who just give a lecture then wait for your paper then hand you a grade, no class discussion or personal repsonse. Also professors at a traditional University could be out of their field for years and years just bringing in the big pay from the big school. 3. Each class has a learning team project. This is true but most people online all want their degree and they are mostly hardworking people who are just as afraid as you are that the rest of the team will suck. Most of the teams I have had are all super dedicated and strong writers of good intelligence. When you get to the real world you dont get to sit by yourself and do reports or pick your best friends to work with you. You have to work in a corporate team with some people who are smarter than you and others that are not as smart, some are more dedicated than you while others are slackers. You have to deal with it in the real world so why not learn to deal with it in school. Bottom line The classes are relevant and the material is just as hard if not harder than traditional Universities. The online classes take dedication to reading the lectures and class materials. There are a ton of papers to write so be a good writer if you hope to succeed. They do not hand out A's so don't hope to sign on and get 3 credits. Be prepared to read and write as well as delegate your personal and professional time to get your school work done. Don't let the idea of learning teams frighten you off, most people online work hard and are thinking no one else will except them so when everyone thinks that, you get a strong team working very hard together. Don't let anyone tell you the degree is a joke, the degree is real and the classes are real. Some people say all they care about is money, Im sure they care about money very much but this does not mean your education is not real. Try your best and be dedicated and you will 