I heard about Devry in 2001. I applied at Devry Long Beach California. Unfortunately, I wasnt able to get in because I need to take an entrance test.. wooahh! entrance test! so, I went to a community college to take my higher English and Math class to by pass the entrance test. Instead of me going back to Devry Long Beach, I went to Devry Pomona campus. I had a great admission representative, I was able to transfer 8 classes from community college, and by pass the entrance examination. IM IN! The positive and negative comments about Devry Pomona California is based on my personal experience, but hey we all know that our dear alma matter is only after our greens in our wallets. Positive Side of Devry Pomona, California Campus 1. Convincing admission representative, very helpful. They will assist you from the first time they sit with you until the first day of your life at Devry. 2. Excellent atmosphere, clean hall ways, bathroom, commas, etc. etc. 3. Good environment at the library, computer labs, commas. 4. Several professor are very good on what they teach at Devry. 5. Friendly. Take note Friendly if they are your known personal friends or acquaintances. 6. Registrar and Student Finance are acceptable with their service Now, lets dwell on the negative side of Devry Pomona that still exist. 1. I HATE ACADEMICS!!! in my entire college experience, I would probably give this department 11 stars for being the worst. Why? lets begin with the front desk, this people have personality issues. They need to be educated about good or acceptable customer service. Second, academic advisors.. when we say academic advisor it means that they will guide students with their academic needs til the end. NOT! several advisors at Devry Pomona are very helpful, but this female advisor would probably the worst. First, she does not smile at you or great you in a professional manner, she only entertain students over the phone. SHES IN A PMS RAG!!!! 2. Scheduling. How do I explain scheduling hmm. If you have a pre-requisite and the required class, how do you suppose to schedule this class in an 8 weeks or iOptimize version? Well, first you schedule the pre-requisite on Session A then the required class in Session B not the other way around MORONS! Another confused scenario, for example, you took CIS270 (C++) three semesters ago, then you enrolled on CIS275(Adv C++) knowing that this is the correct class. DAMN! Devry decided to change the advance class to C# and C# Advance. Question? What happens to those students who took the beginning C++? I think Devry Braniacs who does the schedule should answer that. 3. Calls. OH MY GOD! If you attempt to call Devry either direct line or toll free, you will hear this I will get back with you within 24 hours 24 hrs? DUH! its more like never. It is advisable to show-up in person, wait in line for hours to ask simple question instead of leaving voice messages. (unless you have hook-ups in this school, then your stuck with the annoying voice mail Welcome to Devry University, our switchboard hours are.. HELLLLLOOO!!!! its the middle of the day, and theres no operator!!!!!! 3. Books. If you do not want to get ripped off by Follet bookstore, do not buy your books until after the professor confirms the necessary books needed for the course. Devry has this book for CARD class, a $78 dollar book developed by Devry (whew! Devry!!!), and once you buy it, and the prof does not use it. You cannot return the book for a refund! SAY WHAT!!!! and If you attempt to return it, the prof will get the heat from the Dean. 4. After looking through the other comments in this site. I was surprised that we all agree on onething.. ITS ALL ABOUT MAKING MONEY!! Devry does not care about the students well being. They care more about making money of you. They charge students $130+ on lab usage.. HELLO! I do all my homeworks at home! duh! They school name shouldnt be DEVRY UNIVERSITY, it should be DEVRY LACOST!!! because they will eat through your wallet until its all gone. 5. Computer Labs. hahaha! This is probably the biggest joke ever in Pomona. These Lab assistants who wear this nasty green vest thinks their G-O-D! just because they were given the power to be DEVRYS LAB ASST or whatever you call them, they think they can rule the earth. Question? Whats the difference between a Large Carls Jr. drink and a water bottle? The water bottle doesnt spill! dumb ass lab asst. !! sheesh! 6. Tuition. This is given right? this is the only school that I know who charge different amount of tuition in different locations. $465/units here at Pomona, California. 