I have been attending the University of Phoenix for the last 2 1/2 years, and have just completed the the BS in Accounting. I can sympathize with some of the former students that encountered problems with some of the staff and faculaty. No educational system is perfect. I have attended 9 Universities before enrolling with UOP, and let me tell you, you have the same problems, so a student can never escape these pitfalls. There are good teachers and their are bad teachers. Regardless of what people say about the social stigma a UOP degree carries with it, all Universities carry a stigma of some sought. Many companies won't hire people who graduated from Ivy league schools due to its anti social stigma. A number of MIT graduates have problems to, since they are classified as too nerdy and not practical. Remember the president of Enron had an MBA from Harvard, and so does our current president of our country, and we see how bright he is. I work for a fortune 500 company, and they promote the UOP degrees along with hundreds of other fourtune 500 companies like Walmart, SBC, Microsoft, and Time warner. I can care less what a rinky dink company thinks about a UOP degree. I am currently enrolled in UOP MBA program and pursing a MS in PSCY from Walden University online. Just look at the Undergraduate program of study for its Accounting, Finance and Business administration degrees. Its the same courses you are taking at a traditional university, and if you don't believe me, compare them against traditional university programs. Many co-workers have failed courses at UOP, because of the amount of work and dedication one needs to pass the class. I understand sometimes learning team members leave you out in the cold come assignment time, but wake up, this happens in the work place all the time. When I was in the militay and at every other job, this always happens, but the work needs to be done. If anything this serves as a valuable learning experience. UOP has developed a product which has revolutioned the educational industry. More and more people are taking online classes. Almost all traditional universities have some sought of online programs that they are looking to expand. Why offer programs in the local community when you can market all across the world. That makes business sense.