I am currently a non-traditional Junior at UNH, studying for my degree in Political Science. I came here in 2000, after 4 years in the military. Some background: I had average grades in high school, no major extracurricular or athletic activities and I graduated middle of the bottom third of my class. I wouldn't call me a loser, per se, but I was definetely much more into doing drugs and partying than I was planning for college. I graduated high school and joined the Army, and got an all-expenses paid tour of the seamy underbelly of the world, courtesy of Uncle Sam. I applied to UNH at the urging of my commander after 4 long years on active duty. I think I was in some sandy, unpleasant location when I mailed my application to the Registrar, and I bet my CO a case of beer that I wouldn't get in. In June of 2000 I was discharged, moved back to NH, and moved into the dorms for Freshman year. FRESHMAN YEAR: I didn't crack a book all semester, and got a 3.6 GPA. I managed to stay drunk for more than half of my first semester and banged as many clueless Freshman girls as I could. Second semester I cruised by doing more of the same, still drinking enjoying the rigorous life of the student. SOPHOMORE YEAR: I moved off campus, and I've lived here ever since. Anyone that lives on campus in the dorms after sophomore year is a geek, loser, and/or mama's boy. School work gets steadily easier this year, with far less expectations; you should be able to regurgitate everything the teacher says fairly well by now. SYNOPSIS: UNH is a joke, basically, and only someone pursuing a really technical degree- Biology or Biochem- should have a hard time here. With really little effort, anyone can cruise by with reasonable grades (I've got a 3.2 cumulative right now). Overall, I've managed to lie, cheat, or fahk with the system to a degree that no actual work is neccesary to pass; I have friends to write difficult papers for me, and we work on an exchange system. I have friends that work as interns for some of my professors, so I get most of the tests in advance. And I've discovered that the pathetic salaries of the professors make them very susceptible to bribery; $500 dollars for a semester 4.0 seems to be about the going rate. TUITION: I don't know how it is at other schools, but here in NH, the going rate on tuition is about 16k a year, and that's for in-state students. Out-of-staters can expect to pay 18-21k a year. For that much money, there are many better schools available. PARKING: The parking here is a nightmare, and they routinely oversell the parking permits by 200-300%, so don't expect that your dollars will be well-spent there, either. The easiest thing to do is to steal a faculty or handicapped tag, but even with student, faculty AND handicapped parking passes at my disposal, there are STILL times when I can't find a place to park. STUDENT LIFE: Student life is sad- it's too f-ing cold to enjoy the outdoors most of the time, and unless you're a rabid ski or snowboard freak, you'll find NH bland and unappealing. The school is a capitalist scheme designed to further increase the revenue for the State, and if you've done any reading about NH, you know what a crisis our State Educational system is in right now. The dorms are overcrowded, the classes are vapid, and there are additional fees built into your tuition that support pathetic student activities like street hockey tournaments, hackey-sack clinics, and free pregnancy counseling. Bottom Line: For your money, there are far better schools that are much less of a headache.Once I get my diploma, I'm outta here, never to look back, and you can bet your ass I won't be donating one single dollar to the Alumi foundation. They can eat a candy bar out of my ass. UNH blows.