I graduated from Ohio Wesleyan 4 years ago. I had a wonderful experience there. If you are looking for a college that has a beautiful campus, an intellectually stimulating environment, and a mix of some of the smartest and most creative kids, then Ohio Wesleyan is it. When you arrive on campus the first thing you are told is that the goal of a OWU education is to make sure that when you graduate you are able to think critically. Be it English 105 or Bio 300 your mind is constantly being challenged and expanded. The professors are some of the best in their field and truly enjoy teaching and seeing students learn and become active in the academic field and in the community. The liberal environment at Ohio Wesleyan University allows for a lot of self exploration and self expression. You can pretty much follow through on any idea you come up with. In terms of starting a new group or planning an event, the only requisite is that you take initiative. There are a number of kids at OWU who complain there's nothing to do, but that's because they're being lazy and staying in their rooms bitching. Ohio Wesleyan offers a lot of activities, you just have to make the effort to partake in them. Columbus being 30 minutes away is also a definite plus. The city has so much to offer, and professors really take advantage of the museums and other cultural offerings (one of my friends had to go see plays in the city every week for his drama class). The other advantage of course is the opportunity to do internships in any possible industry that you may be interested. Lastly, and most important to me when I was looking at schools, Ohio Wesleyan is probably one of the most diverse small liberal arts colleges out there. There is a number of ethnic based organizations (African, Asian, African-American, Carribean, Latino, Korean, and Southeast Asian), plus tons of other groups exist on campus. Nearly 25% of the students are either international or from multicultural backgrounds. So, the diversity if not a myth, but reality at Ohio Wesleyan University. The school really is a cross cultural mix of people and it makes for an amazing experience. 