I will begin by first stating that I strongly feel that an MBA from the University of Phoenix is probably not a good idea unless your employer is sending you and values a degree from this institution. If you have that assurance, then it probably wouldn't be a waste of time and energy. If you don't have that assurance however, I would explore other options. They're out there! I've seen a lot of people defend the University of Phoenix by stating that it is accredited. This is true it does have a REGIONAL accreditation from The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools based in Chicago, which give a blanket accreditation to the entire school. However, the University of Phoenix does not have a specialized accreditation from an organization like the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business, which is important when we're talking specifically about MBA programs. I can't speak for some of the other graduate programs, but if they are missing specialized accreditation, I would take that into consideration. The fact that this is such a debatable issue should be another reason to think twice about going. There is no debate about the value of an MBA from a traditional institution. Sure, some are held in higher regard than others, but there isn't the sort of stigma that a for-profit institution would most likely carry with it. The University of Phoenix has definitely done a good job getting it's brand out there, but it carries with it a huge stigma in many peoples eyes. The perception that many people have regarding their program is that a University of Phoenix graduate decided to take the easy way out. Whether that is because the University of Phoenix doesn't really have a rigid admissions process or because of it's questionable academic rigor or it's debatable accreditation, the fact is that there is a stigma. This is apparent by just reading this message board. People often opt for the University of Phoenix because of it's flexibility and it's convenience. One should consider, however, that there are a lot of programs out there from traditional institutions that offer a great deal of flexibility and even complete online programs. The University of Massachusetts, Amherst (Isenberg) would be one. The University of Maryland, University College would be another. In the latter case, they don't even require GMATs or letters of recommendation (much like U of P) Outside of that, unless you live in the middle of nowhere, the local regional university probably offers something on a part time basis. I am one who also has a lot of commitments outside the academic life. I have a family to worry about and a job to keep, so I have also opted for an evening program. I am fortunate enough to be attending a program at a top 20 B school and have the good fortune of attending full time, but in the evening and weekends. With that said, I did have to take the GMATs, write admissions essays, get recommendations, demonstrate academic achievement and interview. People should realize that part of getting that degree, whether primary or secondary, should require some sacrifice and work on your part, and that includes getting into the program in the first place. It's a demonstration of your commitment and tenacity. When I see people saying that they don't have time for a traditional institution because of their commitments, I think that is because they're not willing to make the sacrifices necessary. I figure that if it were that easy, we would all be doing it. It also looks as if that person did not explore his or her options. Like I said, there is a wealth of flexible programs out there that aren't a school for profit. In the end if you want maximize the benefit of your hard work in getting a degree, I would steer clear of any program that may be a hindrance because of it's reputation alone. There are just too many people out there that have an unfavorable opinion of the University of Phoenix (or ANY school for profit) that it just isn't worth the price or the work you'll put into it. If you just shop around, you'll see that there are PLENTY of flexible programs out there that will keep you from having to resort to a questionable degree program. Check out these links. I think they're definitely helpful: http://www.careerjournal.com/columnists/qanda/school/20050901-qandaschool.html http://www.slate.com/id/2130516/ 