What is this complaint about nothing to do? You're a loser if you don't get out and explore things. Champaign-Urbana is a very well cultured, ideal college town. The Krannert Center is constantly putting on shows, with live theater and numerous art galleries that are constantly changing. The best thing about UIUC is that it has one of the best small town mass transportation systems in the country. Everything is a 5-10 minute bus ride, whether you are into the bar scene, clubbing and dance scene, or enjoy some stand-up comedy, or if you want a smoke at a hookah or billiards cafe, it's all here for you at a college budget price. The coffee houses always have live music or something soft and pleasing to the ear, and the Assembly Hall hosts one or two major big ticket concerts every month, so no need to drive up to Chicago. And of course, the restaurants are wonderful for the variety and price. Both campustown and downtown champaign are lively urban places, with people walking around and having a good time. Anyone who says there is nothing to do is either a dumb student who cannot figure out the bus system and somehow fell through the cracks of the system and was accepted by the university. As for student life, academics are no joke and can burn you out (a 3.4 here is about a 3.6 elsewhere), but Illini know how to study hard and party hard and enjoy college through meeting different types of people and doing new things on top of the rigorous studying. The architecture is beautiful, and the main quad is always bustling with activity, whether it's a demonstration, speech, lively debate, or song, there is always something to watch. Post academics, many U of I grads move on to grad, law, or med school or get jobs through the almost weekly job fairs in the fall. I am a fortunate one of those graduates. All in all, a wonderful college experience if you aren't some sheltered idiot and need to be guided. The place teaches you how to survive, and if you don't, you don't. I love it, and go Illini, the best basketball team in the Big Ten and one of the best programs in the country! And please, the corn-fields comments are misleading and stupid, everyone knows that. Yes, you drive past corn fields on the way to champaign-urbana, but when you arrive you are in an actual city with more activity than most suburban waste lands. I've been to Madison, Ann Arbor, Princeton and Evanston, and at the end of the day, most things are the same except the colors on the hoodies. 