I just left DeVry after a year and a half. I attended the Columbus, OH campus and took courses online. This is what I have to say: 1. The school is moving toward becoming completely online. Seems to me that if you're going to pay $455 per credit hour, you should have a choice whether you'd like personal attention or not. Some courses are great online, but there's NO WAY I'd ever take math or accounting online. But hey - if YOU can do it - more power to ya. 2. My last trimester five Professors were fired. Two of them were OUTSTANDING. I voiced my disapproval to the Dean and was given the polite "it's none of your business" response. Meanwhile, one of the worst instructors (according to both students and other Professors) was allowed to retain his position. What does he teach? Math. There's going to be an awful lot of students who can't do Algebra coming out of DeVry Columbus. 3. I had an online instructor my last trimester who was extremely disconnected and didn't understand the needs of his students. This jerk actually called me at home and told me to delete a response I had made because he wanted to be the first person to post his response for the week. ?!?! 4. Don't let anyone fool you. DeVry is all about the money. It doesn't matter if you ever use their computer lab or not, you still have to pay a $150.00 per trimester lab fee. Books are ridiculously expensive. I took 4 courses per trimester on the average and paid anywhere from $80 - $200 per book - even used! I had to pay $80 for an E-Book. I don't know about you, but if I'm paying that much for a book, you bet I want to keep it as a reference for the future. But with the E-books, you get an abridged version of the original and if you want to keep it, you'll sacrifice precious space on your hard drive or spend a crap load on ink for your printer. 5. DeVry's enrollment has been down. They've lost a lot of revenue and that's what fueled their decision to fire Professors. Why didn't they cut out some of their advertising budget? I - for one - am sick of those stupid commercials. They should also think about the laws of ELASTICITY. Duh! They've set their tuition TOO HIGH. The fact that they fired all these Professors (and my understanding is that they fired personnel from every campus) should tell anyone interested in DeVry that the big wigs on top don't care about PEOPLE. They care about MONEY. Do you want to go to a school that cares more about your wallet than your education? NOT ME. 