i believe that cingular is a good company. i have read most of the notes on this site that people have left and i believe that they are not educated about wireless service. ex.1 one person wrote in order to get a new phone they have to sign a new contract answer. well you dont have to sign a new contract. you can buy the phone at the regular price. or sign a contract for a rebated(below cost)price. alot of people think they should get things for free just because.. in the real world it just doesnt work that way. cingular is a business. and like any business small or large. you want to make money. whether you own a small gas station or a small clothing store all the way up to a walmart type store. cingular owes it to its shareholders for profitability. wanting to make money is not a crime. if it was them every single one of us would be in jail. ex.2 i an being charged for calls in my family plan which ran my bill up $1100 answer. you only get free mobile to mobile if you choose that option. just because you are on the same account does not mean calls to each other are free. and it is the same with every comany out there(verizon, sprint, t-mobile etc). you have to be more eduacated about the plans you get in. rate plans do not come one size fits all you should never ASSUME the breakdown of ASSUME = ASS+U+ME = you make an ASS of U(yourself) and MEwhen u ASSUME. if you are going to learn anything from this website.. make this your number one lesson.. NEVER ASSUME ANYTHING.. ex.3 Cingular has absolutely terrible service. Their customer service representatives are never responsibe for their words. I called four times in two days to check my account transfering status, I got totally different answer from each person. My service trsfering started from January, it still hasn't been completed as of today, March 23. 3 months of time, hundreds of calls to them, but it is still hung there! answer. if you are trying to port out... then why would you be calling cingular? you have to go to whatever carrier you want to go to and start the prot process there. you dont start it as cingular.. and if you really did call cingular you would have found that out. instead of making things up. instead of making uneduacated guesses and assuming that is what cingular would say and thenwriting about it.. you should state the facts... 