1. Inaccurate reporting of minute usage. When dialing *4 to check usage, the total number of minutes used is only an estimate. Customer service is unable to provide detailed and current minute usage reports. The website is even less useful in helping you track and budget minutes. 2. When it is necessary to resolve billing disputes (which it will be) placing a call to customer service will usually require extensive waiting in their phone cue. Depending on the time of day you call, you may also be subject to fees to speak with a clear paid specialist. Sometimes Claire the automated specialist won't even provide any options for you to speak with an actual human. 3. Payment by phone options (depending on method) will charge service and handling fees. If you have a spending limit on your SprintPCS account and can only pay the minimum ammount due to restore service, you must factor in these fees so that your payment does not cause your new balance to excede your spending limit. 4. Overage fees are 40 CENTS A MINUTE!!! Since you will never have a current and accurate report of minute usage, you must be very careful to not excede the number of minutes on your plan. 5. Customer service is NOT available 24/7 as claimed. SprintPCS assumes everyone has access to their website. Phone support is not available at 4:AM should you need it. 6. Be aware that there is a $150 fee to cancel your SprintPCS service. Additionally, if you make changes to your plan or increase/decrease minutes, you are forced to renew your service contract for 1 YEAR from the date of the changes. RUN, don't walk away from SprintPCS. If you're looking for a customer service oriented wireless provider, look elsewhere. There are many other competitively priced plans out there. I can say from experience in dealing with 4 other providers that SprintPCS is the absolute worst. They are soon to replace Time Warner at the top of my list of companies to never do business with again. I have spent countless hours in their phone cue attempting to resolve service interruptions and other issues caused by their own billing system. 