I HATE THIS COMPANY!!!!! The only reason I picked this company was because they had the best signal at my house - well, it is NOT worth it!!! This company has no idea how to help anyone. My husband and I paid 139.00 a piece for new cell phones in April. Within the first week - I was on the phone talking and it cut me off - locked up and I could not do anything!!! I could not shut it off and my minutes are still ticking away. Called customer service about it and other issues that I was having - and the person I spoke with had NO CLUE what he was talking about. I asked him about downloading a ringtone - could not help me - my voicemail, still could not help me. So, I hung up. Now 4 months later, I still have the same trouble - have called customer service many times and still no help - sent emails to customer service several times - and no one responds. I was told I needed to set up an e-wallet to download ring tones, yet, they could not tell me how to do it. THEN, I finally after trying to this over the phone for the last couple months - I went into the CELLONE store (and I knew what I was in for). I walk in - I get greeted by some lady who looked like she would rather be dead then talk to me. I tell her about my phone locking up - the tech is gone for the day - ok then - next question - why is voicemail not working? I don't get my messages right away - they show up like 3 days to a week later? I said. the tech is out for the day she said. (I am remaining calm and still not flipping out - which is something I wanted to do - sooooooo bad) Well, I take a deep breath and ask my third question (keep in mind this girl has still not cracked a smile once) Why can't I download a ringtone off the CellOne website? I had called customer service and they said I needed to set up something called an E-WALLET? Here is the answer I got.....I don't know, I have never downloaded a ringtone before, and I have never heard of anything like an E-WALLET. Well, I left - more pissed off then ever - this girl had no clue about anything!!!! I was ready to jump over the counter and ring her fat neck. I went home - pulled up the website and there was something right on the page - about E-Wallets. This place sucks and I hate them - bad costomer service on the phone - bad costomer service in person - all around bad service - if you thinking about it - DON'T DO IT!!!! My husband and I have dealt with these people for over 2years and we have had it. Our bill was so screwed up the first couple months that we were getting sent cell bills for over $120.00!!!! and we should be getting one for like $80.00. We are gonna see what we can do to get out of it - and go to another company - maybe someone who knows how to turn a phone on? Oh, and there was a $50 rebate on each phone that we bought in April - we still have yet to see the money for that too!!!! 