I have read each one of these comments and i have heard good reviews and of course the bad ones. I have heard. I had a terrible exerperience with Alltel and how they shut my phone off and I couldnt get a signal when traveling through the boonies well lets educate you all on a little facts a company doesnt shut your phone off for kicks and giggles when you pay your bill ON TIME key word I gurantee you will not get shut off for all of you who think that the world evolves around you and you will pay it when you are good and ready shame on you. they dont put due dates on the bill for nothing, Then I am reading the ex employee statement man are you kidding me where do you get your facts and do you think you are just a little bitter because you got caned because of somthing you did or didnt do? what a jack ass! 3% lol. The fact of the matter if you go through a area that has a population of less than 100 chances of seeing a half a million doller tower there are slim to none. unless its on a major route. The simple fact of the matter most people want everything for nothing. they buy the cheapest phone that they can get and then a couple months later they want somthing better. Who in this world doesnt know that you get what you pay for. People will lie to try to get somthing for nothing. I love it I couldnt use my phone but you are using over 1000 minuts a month somthing doesnt add up. The cellular world is one big game of chess every company has a little peice of the board and most companys give you 15 days Alltel does to cancell if not satisfied. For all of you that say I have had problems since day one well who is the idiot. Let me give some advice do your homework find out what tower is closest to where you live and who is belongs too if you want to use your phone at home that is the company that you want to go with Cellular is all based on signal without signal you dont have no phone dont blame the company for your phone not working. Pay your bill on time. Look at your Roaming indicator it will tell you if you are roaming. Dont buy the cheapest phone you see. the rep gets paid the same if you get a 99 cent phone or a $500 doller phone. Understand when you buy that phone you will have that same phone for the length of your contract! you want to get another one during your contract you are going to pay the full retail for the phone and it doesnt get any cheaper than $150 dollers. Add insurance. Water damage is the biggest killer of phones and you would not believe how many will decline getting it to save them money and then we bring it in and there is corosion and some are still wet and you ask them what happend and they lie do you think that the people that work there where born stupid and never saw a water damage phone. its your risk. Alltel is a good company and they are only going to get better. I would recomend them but it all depends on if there service is good in your area.