I am currently an employee for alltel. I Can say this about them. If you are in one of thier better areas such as Florida you will get great service. Also since alltel does provide service to rurla areas that other companies were not interested the service isn't going to be as good as metro areas. although alltel does have agreements withother carriers such as verizon to share towers. As for a few tips- Always get the insurance on your phone. If you don't and the phone gets dropped you will have to purhcase a new one at full price unless you can find other ways I.E. Ebay. Also to get the best service you need find out whose towers are in your area. Each wireless carrier is going to be strong in some areas regardless if alltel is in your area. Always read your contract. Alwasy keep a copy of your contract. Always make sure there are no unwanted features like text messaging, mobile web and if there is make sure you call back with in the month to cancel so youwon't be charged. As far as customer service there are definately some issues that need to be worked out. the rules and regualtions of the company that is put on employees in a call center enviornment are very harsh. People are constantly being fired or quitting. So more often then not you are going to speak to a representative who is fairly new. Most reps do want to help but there is only so much they can do to get things done. they are mainly more concered with saying please or thank you and worried about if they are going to mee their sales quota. When you are explaing your problem reps are trained to look at what features you do not have on your account and upsale you a product. If they do not do this they are marked off on waht is called a 'quality score'. if this quality score falls below 86% they can be terminated. sales is 15 points. also the calls coming into a call center is all about the numbers. they have to get the calls in and out in my dept (tech) in less then 4 minutes to make 11 calls an hour goal. the employees raises depend on these scores as well as their jobs. also at Alltel they do give you sick time but if you use it they give you what is called an occurence. If you get 8 occurences you will be fired. also if you are 1 second late coming back from breaks or you have to use the bathroom adn it is not iapproved you get a quater of an occurrence. So next time you call in and want your phone fixed and the rep starts selling to you definately ask to speak to a sup. the way to get to a sup is too say you want to talk to the sup about the great service you have been given. that is called a kudos. sups take those calls immediately. all around alltel runs a tight ship that suits them but remember you did sign a contract. read the contract before signing. that is for any wireless carrier. 