DO NOT GET METROPCS!!!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!! This is the worst sh*t service cell phone company in the world. I have had them for about 2 years and I can tell you from experience that they suck hairy balls! You will get dropped every where!!! Doesn't matter if you get full bars for reception (btw, 99.9% of the time you'll get little or no bars).. you'll get call fading, get dropped.. you'll get no bars then it go back to full bars again.. such BS!! Drive from San Francisco to San Jose on 280.. you are assured to get dropped a minimum of 8 times. People will send you text messages and you will not rec. them either. It's like they never happened. What a joke! You'll even get dropped just driving through residential areas of SF city. I have T-mobile now and I know they aren't the best in terms of reception either.. but man.. T-mobile reception is 1000x better than MetroPCs.. doesn't that tell you something about how MetroPCS sucks and guess what I'm not paying any more than I did with MetroPCs either and I get nationwide roaming for free. Forget that with MetroPCs even though they have MetroPCs in Atlanta and DC.. you're phone still won't work there. With tmobile I get to choose from cool phones or choose from a wide range of triband phones (certain dual band phones). And MetroPCs customer service, you won't find a big bunch of idiots anywhere!! Once I couldn't make a call out but if I drove 15 mins away to another location it worked.. I told them I was having a problem making a call from my home location but I could make a call from else where but these boneheads insisted my cell phone had a problem!!!! I talked with 4 customer reps.. all they want to do when you have a problem is send a reset signal to your phone.. stupid f*cks.. that's all they know how to do.. they are trained to act as if it's never a problem on the metropcs side. Later it was confirmed that they were doing work on a cell site near my area. MetroPCs offers international calling, as you can tell.. I use my cell phone quite a bit, quite often you get a disconnected number service recording when trying to make an international call after 50 attempts.. You call customer service up and explain you're dialing a number in cell phone memory, it worked before but it's not working now.. and guess what.. they want to send a reset signal to your cell phone.. It's never a problem with one of their switches, etc.. it's always something on your side.. btw, the international call quality is as bad as everything else.. you can hear an echo of your own voice and it's loud too. horrible.. Have you ever gone to an all-you-can-eat or buffet restaurant.. lots of food there but none of it tastes good and most of it looks unappetizing.. but you can sure have a lot of it... that's MetroPCs. 