Alltel is a great company. They are new to the Michigan area but since they bought CenturyTel, they now have more towers in the state of Michigan than ANY other company. The customer service is great and reliable. I can't believe what other people are saying on this site. One user says that he had the phone replacement insurance and he had problems with it. That user is an idiot. All wireless companies go through outside insurance companies to handle replacement problems. They do not handle them by themselves. Another user said that he had Verizon and was roaming on Alltel's network and he didn't get a good signal. Well, if Verizon actually had service there then he wouldn't have that problem, would he? The phone will pick up whichever signal is the strongest, so apparently, Alltel was the strongest. Another user said that he has AT T and that he got an Alltel recording, therefore, he rated Alltel with 1 star. His problem is with AT T, not with Alltel. His phone was not woking properly. Had AT T had coverage in his area he would have been all right. Another user says he is not able to get calls in a building. It is true that buildings can be difficult, especially the steel structured ones, but what you have to realize that there are going to be many other places that you can use your phone where they will not be able to. I like the guy that is upset that he had his phone turned off. This guy is so high on meth that he didn't pay his bill and then got upset they turned his phone off. Get real guy. Any other company would have turned your dumb ass off too. Another user claims that she has had problems since day one. Well, with Alltel's 30 day cancellation policy you could have gotten out then. All cell phones have a manufacturer's warranty on it. It is quite possible that your phone just needed to be looked at by a tech and you would have been on your way. What you have to realize is that Alltel sells the wireless service. They do NOT deal with the phones. If you have a problem with your phone, your problem is with Nokia, Motorola, or whatever phone you have. Pay your bill and protect your phone, just common sense stuff, and you will be happy with Alltel. I know I am.