For Bell Mobility, you should be able to select a rating below 1 (terrible)... This is the worst so called 'customer service' experience I have ever encountered!!! EVER!!! I was in the process of researching cellular phone companies to purchase a Christmas present for my husband when I had the misfortune of dealing with Bell Mobility. Oh, where shall I begin??? Day 1... I spoke with a very friendly chap who rhymed off product and plan information like he actually knew what he was talking about......WRONG! First of all, once I placed my order for a phone and a 'Solo' plan, the computers were down so he wasn't able to provide a confirmation number at that time. That's okay I said, I'll call you back later and you can give it to me then . He insisted that he would be the one to call and asked if I would be home within the next hour; I informed him that I would be. When I didn't hear from him five hours later, I called back. Apparently he had gone home sick, but the perky Customer Service Rep. that took the message, apologized to no end and promised that she would make sure he called me first thing Monday morning. Monday came and went. By Tuesday afternoon - frustrated - I called again and explained the situation to the third 'customer service (and I use that loosely) rep.' who told me the person I placed the order with was on the phone and assured me that he would have him call me within the next five minutes. Two hours later I called, for what I thought would be, the very last time. Once again, I spoke with a most helpful individual who also showered me with apologies, then after looking up my file, informed me Oh, there's problem here , he said, the phone you ordered is not available on the Solo plans anymore and 'so-in-so' was having problems billing your credit card. A credit card that has a high limit, is paid off every single month and had a balance of $400.00....right.... I guess attempting to provide good customer service wasn't his only challenge! I said just cancel the whole thing. If this is an example of the service you're going to provide, I want no part of it! He said he understood and cancelled the order. Before I hung up I said now, are you SURE I'm not going to be billed for anything? at which point he assured me that there was no way I could be billed because a) the phone I wanted wasn't available and b) I didn't order a month-to-month plan so there was nothing to bill. (see where this is going?). When I received my Mastercard bill, to my amazement there it was... a $228.85 bill from Bell Mobility! For what, I ask? Hmmmm, I didn't receive a phone, I didn't order a month-to-month plan and I most certainly did not receive anything that resembled customer service ... guess I better call again. I'd like to speak with your manager I requested. Is there something I could.. NO , I interupted, I want to speak with a manager . He indicated that all the managers were in a meeting at which time I said I'll hold! . Fifteen minutes later, I get you'll have to excuse me I'm losing my voice. I'll look up your file and get back to you in a minute . I'm thinking 'was that the guy I was just speaking with?... he's loosing his voice?...I'm confused. Then he comes back and says We'll credit your account asap. I said who is this? He raised his voice THIS IS THE MANAGER! I said, Oh, well... sorry, but you didn't identify yourself . He repeated that he would credit my account and I replied, and? And what? he said. And what about the run around and lack of service I received? His response Well what do you want me to do about it?? At this point I requested the name of his manager to which he replied, they've all left for the day Thats fine , I said, may I have their name? - I want my concerns to be heard and dealt with - I want to know... Have a good day he interupted as HE HUNG UP THE PHONE!!! You know, I'm not the one who screwed up the product information (see, I had spoken with two other people before I placed the order with the third - all three gave different information on the same phone, same plan... I guess that should have been a huge red flag!). I'm not the one who promised products/services and didn't deliver them. No, I'm not them - I'm the customer. I'm the customer who had to call them 4 times, the customer who will have to sort out the Mastercard bill, the customer who was mislead, misinformed and mistreated (not to mention extremely pissed off)!!! But, you know what else I am? I'm the ex-customer who will tell my story to all my friends, co-workers, neighbours and family - whose husband will do the same, that this is a company that doesn't value anything - especially customer's. It shouldn't be called Bell Mobility, it should be called Bell No-ability!!!!! 