I have had US Cellular for nearly 4 years now and have had no real problems to speak of (except my phone itself!). I had other cell phone companies who had shady business and billing techniques who were impossible to deal with and US Cellular was a nice change. The only problem I have with them is with the insurance. DON'T GET INSURANCE IF YOU HAVE USCC!!!! Their insurance is through a company called Signal Insurance- and they are shady shady characters- just check out their info on the Better Business Bureau's Website. I didn't realize that my insurance was with an outside company when I signed up for it through USCC or I may have been more hesitant. Anyway I had to make a claim when my cell phone had an unfortunate swim at the bottom of the bathroom toilet- my phone shut down and would not turn on- I made my claim and received a phone quickly enough- only it didnt work right, the flip part wasnt screwed on tight and I couldnt get a signal (kind of ironic considering the company is CALLED Signal). Anyway, I called and they said to send the phone back and they would send out another one as soon as they had received it- but I would have to call back before it would be shipped out. Okay- a bit of a hassle and seems stupid but whatever- so I did it. And I received another phone- another phone that didnt work right, that is. So I called the company again and they said that I could go through the same process again. I call USCC to see what the deal is and was told that there wasnt anything really they could do but tell me to keep trying and sending my phone back until I got one that worked. This time I called the person answering my call at the insurance company told me that the phone was a refurbished model and that I could only expect so much. WHAT?!? I was livid! I argued that I had paid for insurance for all these years and that I wanted a new phone because they had already sent me two that did not work. They told me that was against their policy. I told them that my contract does not say that they would send me a refurbished phone. They argued that it didn't say it would send me a new phone. I told them that it most definetly did say that the phone they sent would be of an equal value to the phone I am having replaced and that the phones they have sent me so far were most definetly not of equal value- They DONT EVEN WORK!!! I was then told that there was nothing they could do but continue sending me refurbished phones until I found a refurbished phone that worked. Long story short- my old phone had dried out at this point and was working again and I told them where they could place their refurbished phones and demanded my money back. It took forever and many phone calls later to get my money back but my check finally arrived and my cell phone that has dried out from its swim is still working- and much better might I add, then the ones they tried to send me. I reccommend US Cellular but stay AWAY from the insurance!!!!!