I had a representative in Oklahoma fix the problem with my phone tonight. I wish I would have written her name down. I think it was Alison Baker. Not Alison, but two previous representatives sent me New York City to have a technician look at my phone when no technicians that fix cell phones are in New York City. I have an older phone that is different from the phones in New York. Needless to say I spent my whole day off on a wild goose chase. I was not to happy when I called in to try and get further assistance. I know the representative's name I spoke with had the first name of Alison. I specifically asked for her name again before we hung up but I can no find the piece of paper I wrote it on. The reason is because she fixed my phone and I wanted to let everyone know at Cingular Wireless how greatful I am to her. I had requested to speak with her supervisor to tell them how smart she is but she told me that was not necessary, that she was only doing her job. I think it is necessary to let everyone at Cingular know that at least one representative that handles NJ calls from Cingular customers knows how to fix phones when they are not working. She also told me that I can upgrade my phone which no representative had previously bothered to do. She told me I have been eligible to get an upgraded phone and I've been able to do so since 1995 when my last contract expired. I'm really a creature of habit and I'm not sure if I'll like the newer phones. Analog phones are bigger but I've noticed they have more battery strength. She told me the Nokia 6340I would be the best one to get for my area. I looked at the phone on www.cingular.com and it lookes ok. I suppose I'll upgrade. I've been a customer since 1986 before Cingular was called Cingular. My family that lives in England continually make fun of my phone when they visit me in America. They think my phone is ancient and most cell phones in America are primitive compared to European technology that exists for cell phones. I suppose I should get of the stone age and upgrade my cell phone. I've been with Cingular long enough to know that when I call in to customer service I won't get in touch with the same person I spoke with. I wish I could speak with Alison again so that she could order my phone. I would like this so that if any commission involved with the upgrade of my phone she would receive it since she is the only one who bothered to tell me since I've been calling in over the past 8 years for help on various issues, that I could upgrade my phone. I hope this does not upset Alison that I proceeded with giving her praise on this website. I didn't know of another way to achieve what I had to say or request future contact with her so she would receive the just rewards when I upgrade my phone. I'm thankful to Alison because 1. She fixed my phone 2. I had called in nine times before I spoke with Alison and nothing was achieved. I ended up more frustrasted than when I had called in 3. She had the basic consideration to let me know I could get a new phone and was the only one who noticed that I had been a customer since 1986. Before I spoke with Alison I always received the impression that because I'm English and the English tend more polite on average than upset Americans no one took me seriously when I had called in 9 time previously when I was upset and needed technical assistance. I didn't get that impresion from Alison. I'm used to being treated bad and spoken to rudely. It surprised me and made me happy when Alison treated me with the respect I believe I deserve since I have been a loyal customer for so long. I sure hope you can find out what her last name is for sure and let the important people at Cingular know how good she is. If you find her last name would you please have her call me so I can upgrade my phone. I'm leary about putting my home or cell phone number right here on this comment section for everyone to see. I input my personal information in the registration site at www.rateitall.com. My home phone number is included. Please call me if further information is required or your unable to locate Alison. I'm going to find the paper her name is wriiten on in case no one is able to locate her.I've never given a customer compliment to any Cingular representative before during my tenure as a customer. Honestly, Alison deserves it. I was under the assumption that the previous male representatives I spoke with would be able to fix my phone. They couldn't do it. I think it's absolutely delicous Alison was able to. To rateitall.com: I received a message that a confirmation email will be sent to EnglishRose@23.box.uk. It stated I need to reply to it before 7/10/03 otherwise my registration will be erased. I haven't received anything yet. When will it be sent? 