When I received my phone and attempted to get activation, my phone was indicating I was roaming...therefore I did not approve activation until I could get the roaming taken care of. I spent at least 2 hours on the phone with support trying to re-program my phone to no avail. I was then advised to take my phone into a service center which I did...I was then advised to simply change my plan to the superstate , which I did. This all took place approx 2 months from the time of recieving the phone. Two weeks after getting my phone activated (once the roaming was taken care of) I tried to use my phone and it had been disconnected...the financial service center said I was over 2 months past due on my bill even though it had only been activated for 2 weeks. The reason I was needing to use my phone is because my son was in a fishing tournament and my husband thought the weigh in was at 1:30 when it was 1:00...I had to call him to tell him, otherwise my son would miss out on possibly winning a mountain bike and be in the drawing for a fishing boat. Well, turns out, my son did have the biggest fish therefore winning the mountain bike, however, they missed the weigh in, plus, ony 35 names were in for the fishing boat drawing! I was told I had to pay the past due amount before the phone would be turned back on. I spent another 2 or so hours getting that mess straightend out! The persons that I spoke with acted as if they were doing me a favor by turning my phone on. My son lost his mountain bike and a chance at the fishing boat. Well, then a couple weeks later, I am in another city with my twins and neice and needed to call my husband, guess what...they turned it off again! I agreed for my billing to be combined with my home phone bill and they continued to NOT combine them therefore I was not even getting billed! Plus, the bill still was not past due! I again spent quite a bit of time getting this straightend out! My nerves by this time are shot from dealing with these people! Now, finally my bill is on my home phone bill...well, I pay my bill...guess what? Two days later my phone is cut off again! They now claim they had problems with their system and did not show where I had paid (thank goodness for keeping up with my reciept!). I am just sick of Bell South...