I am an X employee of this company and I am here to tell all. The first piece of information I would like to share is one that Alltel prefers that no one know outside of their little corporate walls. Alltel expressed to its customers base that it is a huge company and has resources that extend across the US. Wrong. Alltel makes up only about 3% of Wireless companys nation wide. Alltel does not own its own territory known as a local area but instead rents these areas from other cell carriers and providers such as Verizon. Alltel is of the opinion that in reality since they are so small compaired to AT T, Verizon, Cingular, Sprint... ect that they can do as they like since the FCC or Federal Communications Commission focuses mainly on the giants previously mentioned. Due to this fact and a recent change in operation policy Alltel's own projections show less new customers will present themselves and that Alltel must keep the ones they have by any means necessary. For Alltel, this is bad. For customers this is good. This means customer have the power in hand to pretty much demand certain services that normally Alltel charges for at no cost and ALLTEL in order to survive its own projection must deliver. In other simple words: Call alltel and demand free services like calling features, Text Messaging, Free Night and Weekends. If the Alltel Rep refuses ask for a supervisor. The supervisor, weary of conflict and to preserve their own job, will gladly add them for you. The key to getting to Alltel before they can get to your money is demanding a supervisor. 9 times out of 10 you will get what you want on the first call. If not call again. If that doesn't work ask for a supervisor then ask for the Little Rock corporate address and phone number. That WILL get you everything you want since Little Rock has told all its customer service centers they do not want to hear any complaints from customers by letter or phone or there will be hell to pay. Secondly, and just as important is that ALLTEL's policy is to settle all lawsuits. Yes this means ALL lawsuits. I can't even begin to count how many I have seen. Corporate doesn't like to fight a losing battle so they settle out of court. If your a prepay customer and are unfortunate enough to have been swindled into purchasing any of the Boomerang plans here is your chance to get back at Alltel. Feel like you constantly are being cheated out of your prepay minutes? Feel like your being shorted?? Well you are. In several Alltel markets Boomerang customers are being incorrectly charged for their minutes. Your night and weekend minutes should be starting at 9:00 PM your time. Well in several markets like Texas as well as New Mexico they have been starting at 10:00 and as late as 12:00 AM. Alltel refused to tell its customers this and only a few select agents know about it. This is the only venue that this fact has come out on and ALLTEL has been raking in the profits from it. Next, we have National Freedom. National freedom is everything but what the name emplys. It is not national, Alltel advertises it as being so, and it is the same exact plan that Verizon has called The American Choice Network. Alltel is just using Verizon's plan and reselling it to you under the Alltel flag. Once the customer gets their bill chocked full of roaming charges they call in to complain. Well, Alltel has their little disclaimer on their National Freedom map that states this is a Network based plan and when your off network your charged roaming. IT DOES NOT MATTER if your in the green covered area on the map or not. The current explanation for this is Well, the map is for general reference. You must watch your roaming indicator. Alltel is willingly and knowingly selling and false advertising this National Freedom plan to customers. Here is a tip: If you get screwd or have been screwd on this plan then demand to be let out of your contract. Go the supervisor route and remember to ask for Little Rock's address and number if necessary. UPDATE!!! I have been threatened by an Alltel employee. To my word processor. I will be handing this document over to my center supervisor. This information is privvy to Alltel employees only and is NOT to be disclosed under any circumstances. UPDATE!!! I have been contacted again. Seems that my comments have struck a nerve with Alltel or at least with one little employee. Whatever! If you want to call it that, so be it. FYI: I made good on that threat and HR is investigating. Well for all the good it will do, Alltel employee, you forget that HR has no control out of Alltel. Threatening me with HR is laughable. By your own response you have confirmed what I have posted. Thanks! 