Alltel Since we have had Alltel we have had nothing but problems. We are under the unlimited night and weekends plan. The plan states that after 9:00PM you can call and not be charged extra for that call. Well ever since day one when I try and call at 9:00PM I get an all circuits busy message. Usually it is not until 10:00PM or 10:30 and sometimes not until 11:00 PM when the all circuits busy message will go away and I can get through. History Our first real problem we noticed was when we went to Texas. We were told by the customer service representative that we would be covered in TX while on vacation. They gave us a map and on that map had green areas and red areas. The green indicated where we were covered and the green went all through south TX where we would be staying. When we got to TX, of course there were no indication that we were on a local network, our bar indicated that we were on roaming! We drove all over San Antonio and all the way to Corpus Christi checking the phone and never did it go off of roaming? What does this mean? It means that every time we call we will be charged a roaming fee. After we got our bill for the month yes we were charged the fees. We called and told them that we were promised to be covered in that area and that we drove all over south TX where the green area is shown and never did it get off of roaming. They were really good about taking the fee away, but not without a fight, the conversation got pretty heated until she said well what do want us to do about it? and I said take the fee away! and she did. Present Problem After our trip from TX. My husband went out of town while he was there I tried over and over to use my night time minutes and I couldnt get through all circuits busy message again. I tried every night and was not able to get through until after 10:30 PM. The funny thing was that ANYTIME before that I could get through! So we called customer service and they told us that they would get a service man out here to check the towers. That man called us and told us that everything is working fine. Later that week we find out that we have the same problem. And so we call again, and again they say they are sending a service man out to check the towers. He called again and said everything is ok. Nothing was ok, things were exactly the same. We knew already that when we call customer service they just send us to tech support and never fix the problem. Alltels contract is to provide us unlimited minutes from 9:00PM, the fact that we can never get on until after 10-11PM indicated to me that they are not fulfilling their end of the contract. After the realization that we may not get our service we decided to create a spreadsheet that has every single time we called after 9:00 PM and got the all circuits busy message. We recorded the times called and the place and the address of the places we called for the last 3 months. We have a huge spreadsheet now. It was not happening sporadically it was happening EVERYNIGHT. Another thing we noticed is that our phones work great on the weekends and we only get that all circuits busy message sporadically, which is fine. But anything during the week after 9PM, we cant get through until after 10 or 11:00 PM. Because I dont talk to many people who are up at 11:00 PM-3:00 AM, I decided to use my daytime minutes because that was the only time I could get through! This month we received a bill of over 100 dollars in overtime minutes! Whose fault is that? Well according to Alltel our fault. We called Alltels billing area and told them of our problem, they insisted that it was not their responsibility. They hink the contract is a one way contract, it si not! They provide service and then we pay, what happens when they dont provide the service they promise? They refuse to take responsibility! Forcing their customers to call during the day by not giving them service during the night constitutes for a lawsuit, dont you think? UPDATE: We called them again, this time we asked to speak with a supervisor, this time it was a whole other tone because we used the f word (FCC) after telling them that we have documentation of everytime we get the busy message and cant get through, they were willing to take half of the over use charges off. They did however still say this is only a one time deal and we said we hope so!. 