No contracts, no monthly bills, no age requirement. Unfortunately my first pre paid phone was with a different service. My old pre paid cell phone had a more exspensive rate. The way it works, with most pre paid phones is that you buy a kit ( it includes a phone, usually a charger, and a card with a set of numbers on it you type into your phone to add minutes to it with). Cards with minutes on them must be cards made for that specific company of service. You can buy them increments anywhere from 10$ on up usually, and find them at gas stations, malls, or different stores around town. You may also use your credit card to purchase minutes online at your phone services web site. Virgin Mobile includes a phone (as of right now you can chose b/w 2 different phones... with different prices), 10 dollars of minutes, and a charger. You can buy them at target or online, and find minute cards at Target, 7 Elevens or online. The rate is 25 cents per minute. After using 10 minutes in 24 hours... the rate drops to 10 cents per minute.This is a better rate than my last pre paid phone (which was 35 cents per minute 24/7). Virgin Mobile targets young adults and teens for their service. It has cool features such as rescue rings (set up ur phone to ring at a certain time to rescue from an awkward situation..your phone rings, and it tells you things to say so that you can get out of the situation)... thats a plus. Also you have MTV and VHI features, games, etc. Id recommend Virgin Mobile. Especially for someone who is looking for a gift or a phone for a teenager or child out there, who is wanting to avoid contracts and monthly bills. They use the same network as Sprint (sprint isn't involved any other way), so if you've had a sprint cell phone and you weren't very satisfied with your network area... Then think twice. But so far I've had great service in every way with my phone. There are many monthly plan phones out there with contracts that are a much better deal... with many more minutes for your dollar. And there are even other different pre paid services out there that have rates that change for off peak hours (night and weekend minutes).. which you might like better. But Overall... the little extras and allure of the service... I'd recommend virgin mobile. and Ive been happy with my service. 