Having spent fourteen years of my life in NH I'm well qualified to comment on the positive and negative attributes of the state. Most of the cities in NH are located along the Merrimack River which bisects the state right down the center. Nashua has approx. 85,000 people Manchester has slightly over 100,000 people. One distinct advantage that NH, and New England for that matter, has over other states is location. To travel from Nashua (located on the Mass. border) to Quebec,(along NH's northern border), will take you roughly 3-3.5 hours. To travel from Portsmouth (SE coastal area of state) to Keene (along the Vermont border), is a 2-2.5 hour trip. Boston can be reached in about 45 min. from the densely populated towns/cities of southern NH and NYC is 4-5 hour drive. To someone from NH a trip to NYC may seem like a long drive but amazingly people in central Florida (where I live) think nothing of making the 7-8 hour trip to Atlanta. In NH the large cities of the Northeast are all within a day's drive and you are never far from the ocean. The mountains of NH can be reached in 1-2 hours from the southern part of the state. The skiing in NH (including all New England plus upstate NY) is by far the best in the eastern U.S. and all the ski slopes are a short drive. Concerning the residents of the state, they tend to be standoffish. Please don't take offense to this. Under the indifferent exterior, folks from NH tend to be warmhearted and sincere and are slower to judge others based on their appearance. By the same token, people from NH will not superficially make a deal of you but will instead take the time to find out your real personality. Word of warning, for those of you from the south or parts of the MIdwest, be prepared for sarcasm and witty banter as it is much more prevelant in New England. This is the New Englanders way of bonding with others. What you will not find much of in NH are billboards, loud car steros and road rage(like in Florida). Drivers here are very skilled and courteous and tend not to take their aggressions out on others while in their vehicles. This may be do to the fact that there is an amazingly high proportion of cops for the number of citizens in the state. This could be considered a negative. You may start to get the sensation that you are in a police state. Other negative attributes of the state are a high cost of living. Property taxes are out of control in much of the state. Also, the weather is brutally cold from mid Nov through early April. This is great news for people who like to ski because the ski season can last right through April in the northern areas of the state. There really is no spring. Couple weeks in May and early June perhaps and then summer from late June through mid-August. Summer is brief throughout the state but temps over 100 degrees are common a few days in July. September and October are the nicest months to visit