I have lived in a few different parts of this country and visited many others. I've lived all over the NYC Metro area (Manhattan, North Jersey, Central Jersey), I went to college in Central Virginia and have traveled all over the south, I've spent significant amounts of time in DC, and I've also had some stints in Cleveland, including a very recent one. I'm back in NYC now, and I love it, but Cleveland is honestly not far behind. I enjoy the fast-paced culture and history in NYC but there's a lot of things Cleveland offers that NYC doesn't, including 1. Golf (technically you can play golf in the NYC area, but I'm trying to be realistic here) 2. Normal guys who like sports, beer, and good bar food (of course NYC has some of these, but the proportion is much smaller and people here think you're some kind of pig if you'd rather watch football than read poetry while sipping on chai tea) 3. Good bar food (yes, there are a few diamonds in the rough, but Cleveland blows NYC away in this category. If a bar in Cleveland tried serving breaded wings they'd be run out of town) 4. Other sports/outdoor activities generally (these EXIST in New York but not to the extent they do in Cleveland. Joining a softball league in Central Park is both a luxury and a hassle. Summer softball is part of life in Cleveland. I could also going skiing just 30 minutes outside of Cleveland.) Now, when I lived in other places, like Virginia, all of the things above were present. But Cleveland offers things that those places don't; it's still a normal big city with tall buildings and a business district and nice restaurants and all that other good stuff. If you're a city person at all, you'll miss those things in a place like Central VA (which I also loved, but this weakness was very present there). Bottom line: Cleveland has a little bit of everything. If you're a pure yuppie city-slicker type, you'll be happier in NYC. If you're a country person, you'll be happier in the South. But if you want some of everything, like me, there's a LOT of places that can't offer what Cleveland does. 