I visited Seattle about three or four years ago and was more impressed with the city than I thought I would be. I went during the summer and the weather was perfect (unlike the remainder of the year). It was foggy in the morning and then clear by noon and in the 70's and 80's. There's no need for A/C as it cools down quite a bit in the evening. Seattle is one of the most scenic city in terms of the landscape. Mt Rainier looms in the background and is quite a sight to behold, especially since I am used to the flatlands of the east coast. West of the city of Seattle is the Olympic Peninsula. There are many trails to hike through the woods. I was surprised to see mountains of 4,000-6,000 feet along the coastline. there are frequent ferry trips back/forth between the peninsula and the city, usually every 30 minutes or so. For someone interested in visiting the peninsula I'd advise two days to visit because it is such a large area and besides the hiking there are places to kayak too. South of Seattle is Mt. Rainier. The mountain is perfect for hiking but you may find yourself somewhat winded on the way to the top, which is approx. 14,000 ft. The bottom half of the mountain there are plenty of deer and in some of the more remote areas there are black bear too. Halfway to the peak you'll find yourself above the timberline and when I was there in August there was a few inches of snow on the north facing slope. Just make sure to bring a decent pair of hiking boots, a pair of skipoles, sunblock, and plenty of water. Back in the city, there are plenty of restaurants, bars, and internet cafes. Coastal Kitchen was one of the restaurant/bars that I frequented. The food was excellent. In fact, the quality of food and friendliness of the waitstaff was excellent every place I went to. It seems as if people in Seattle take great care to eat healthy food and the halibut was no exception. I did not see any ugly chain restaurants while on my visit. this was a welcome relief. Shoney's, Golden Corall, or any other country-crap buffet style does not seem to be welcome in this fine city. It seemed pretty obvious because I did not see any of the behemoth slobs that I often encounter in the Lakeland, FL region. The skyline and neighborhoods of Seattle were very unique as were the many bridges in the city. I never felt unsafe in any part of the city at any hour of the day. Overall, very friendly people and many outdoor activities available but the downside may be the 7-8 month rainy season.