I have lived in the state of Maine for 22 years. I moved here when I was ten and vowed to move back to MA when I was 18. I didn't. I would like to address the comment by Amy55rose. If you don't think Maine has very many sights to see, you have not left your hotel room. There is something for everyone here. The north (the county) is filled with farmland, starry skies and forests where you can find bear, mountain lions, deer, etc. Inland is filled with forests and mountains and farmland. Up and down the coast is the most beautiful part of the United States I have yet to see. For unspoiled, low-populated coastline, again, head north. Stay along the southern coastline for the more touristy spots. Midway up the coast of Maine (ironically called Midcoast Maine) is an up and coming coastal town--Rockland. What was once a wasteland for going out of business sales is now a hip little city with wine bars, phenomenal restaurants, and upscale boutiques and galleries. It's a small community where everyone knows everyone, and everyone cares about their city and cares about making it a more beautiful place. And since it's on the ocean, there's plenty of sailing and fishing. Another great spot is Portland. In my opinion it is one of the greatest small cities in the country. It is small in population (about 70,000), but big on culture (a HUGE arts district, theater, outdoor concerts in the square, semi-pro sports teams) and has some of the most amazing restaurants I have eaten in. The small shops and boutiques are among the best I've shopped in. And Portland, too, is on the coast. A great city on the OCEAN! Take a ferry to one of the islands on Casco Bay (just off Portland) and have lunch at one of the seasonal restaurants or pack a picnic to take with you (try Great Diamond Island or Peaks Island). In the southern part of Maine you'll find some of the best beaches. Big beachy/touristy areas are Old Orchard Beach (a bit on the cheesy side but great for the kids with their huge amusement park), Scarborough, Kennebunkport (beautiful--a must see), and York. The summers in Maine are fantastic, the falls are beautiful and rich in color, the springs are a little muddy (it's called mud season up here) and the winters are brutal (but beautiful). If you are planning a visit, plan to have or rent a car to take in as much as you can. If you can't get access to a car, pick Portland as your location and really dig in and discover the beauty the city has to offer.