rogercobb where are you getting your statistics? Gainesville has 115,000 people within the city limits, and nearly 200,000 in the metropolitan area. Gainesville is the employment and commercial base for 12 surrounding counties and over 850,000 people in a fourty mile radius. Many people that come to Gainesville as University students share the same inaccurate view that the city revolves around the University. Yes, UF is the biggest employer, and everybody in Gainesville is a Gator, but the city certainly has alot more to offer than the University. It is an extremely vibrant community, unfortunately people come and just visit the University, forgetting the good parts of the city. And as for the crime rate thing? Bogus! It is mid-september, 2005 and there has been ONE murder this year. Murder is 0.46 times the national average. Rape is 0.76 times the national average. Robbery is 0.80 times the national average. Car theft is 0.72 times the national average. And arson is 0.00 times the national average. As for the goings on? Gainesville has a large and vocal bohemian and art population, as well as a flaming underground music scene. Ever heard of Sister Hazel? Less than Jake? Hot Water Music? Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers? All from Gainesville, along with River and Joaquin Phoenix. In 1996 Gainesville was voted the best place to live in America. There are three colleges, over 600 restaurants, over 50 bars, 11 Golf Courses, 21 Libraries, and the Year round avg. temp is 72 degrees. If you want to experience Gainesville, visit downtown on a friday night. Go to the Hippodrome Theatre. Go see a Punk Band at the Downtown Plaza. Go to the Phillips Center for the Performing Arts. The Harn Museum of Art. The Florida Museum of Natural History. The Downtown Spring Arts festival has over 100,000 visitors each year. There are over 50 shopping centers, many of which are built in the Shop-In-The-Park style native to Gainesville (Flowers and Fountains in courtyards, all lined with shops), visit Thornebrook Village for the largest one of these. Butler Plaza and the Oaks Mall alone accrue over 2 million square feet of retail space. Gainesville has about 30 nightclubs as well. The University brings in world-renowned acts. For instance, I am going to see Kanye West in 3 weeks at the O-Connell Center. In a little over a month I'm going to see Wayne Brady at Gator Growl. Gainesville is consistently ranked in the top 10 cycling in the U.S. by Cycling Magazine. What's best? Gainesville has been named the Florida Tree City of the year consistently for as long as I can remember. And on top of ALL of this? Gator Sports. The biggest stadium in Florida = Ben Hill Griffin Stadium aka The Swamp witha capacity of 90,000. Tell me again how Gainesville is boring? 