It's my hometown, so I'm a little biased. But don't think I regard it as perfect. Like every place, it has its ups and downs. Boston is a very, very complicated place, few cities can match it in that regard. Good points: You can walk around in it. It has a decent public transportation system, which doesn't stop weirdos from talking to themselves, vagrants throwing up on it at 12:03 A.M., drunken college age kids, etc. A lot of history, and the schools and hospitals are nonpareil. Great place to catch a band at one of the many clubs, good museums, many fine restaurants, and Fenway is undoubtedly one of the very best parks to catch a game at. Bad points: Terrible place to drive in, I get lost and confused sometimes and I've lived there my whole life, insanely expensive, particularly in housing, Boston drivers are as bad as their reputation too.Segregation. People: A VERY mixed bag. There are a lot of leftists, mostly in Cambridge and Jamaica Plain, so if you don't like leftists you should avoid those areas. Conversely, if you don't like 'townies' you should stay out of neighborhoods like South Boston or Charlestown. Boston is a very complicated city when it comes to class and race relations. The bluebloods treated the Irish, Italian, and other immigrants like dirt when they got here, so there are natural ramifications of that.There's a lot of class warfare, but to label the people in working class communities as all racists and boors is unfair. There is indeed a lot of racism, anti-intellectualism, etc. in Boston, but some of that derives from the old fatcat game of pitting the poor against the poor. Often this city is described by right wingers as some sort of ultra leftist community, but that's not really accurate. The 'average" Bostonian, from a working or middle class background,meaning someone who's lived there all of their life, is generally economically liberal and probably pro-union, and socially conservative. There are a lot of intellectuals there, and a lot of genuinely nice people, though it often takes a while for people to warm up to you. You have to understand going in that this is more like N.Y.C or Philly in terms of being busy, and the East Coast mentality is very different, more fast paced and competitive than, say, Kansas City or Raleigh or somewhere like that. It's a complicated place that defies easy categorization. 