I used to enjoy visiting this city, but I can't ever imagine living there. Superficiality seems to reign supreme (of course, that could just be my East Coast prejudice), which isn't necessarily a bad thing if one is like me and occasionally likes taking a break from the harshness of the so-called Real World. Interesting restaurants...especially the venerable Musso and Frank's on Hollywood Boulevard (they serve a great Prime Rib), which has been around since the days of Lon Chaney, Mabel Normand, and John Barrymore (Tom Snyder was there the day I visited). A wide variety of interesting bookshops and film memorabilia stores that I spent a lot of time in. Naturally, the more esoteric sites were the ones that really captivated me. The cemeteries are beautiful and lush and loaded with the monuments of celebrities from Hollywood's Golden Age (Clark Gable, Jean Harlow, Spencer Tracy, Humphrey Bogart, etc.), but you need to be careful, as the cemetery authorites have been known for overall rudeness and to confiscate cameras and have people arrested for trespassing (I never had any problems, but I've heard plenty of stories...Forest Lawn in Glendale is notorious for this kind of stuff). Lou Costello and Curly Howard of the Three Stooges are buried across the street from each other; Curly is in the Jewish cemetery and Lou is in the Catholic cemetery (as is my distant relative, character actor J. Carroll Naish). Someone left a cigar on each grave the day I was there. Marilyn Monroe's tombstone is discolored from so many people touching and kissing it over the years. Alfalfa Switzer of the Little Rascals is buried in the same cemetery as Darla Hood, as well as Peter Lorre, Cecil B. DeMille, and Tyrone Power. Some of the sites in ritzy Beverly Hills also caught my interest. I had my picture taken in front of the estate where Bugsy Siegel was shot in 1947 (it looked almost exactly the same; it had barely changed at all in 50 years). I drove up to the gate of the estate where Sharon Tate and her friends were massacred in 1969 by members of the Manson Family (I think the main house has since been torn down). I saw the stucco pink-orange house where Lupe Velez committed suicide and the white mansion where Lana Turner's daughter stabbed her gigilo boyfriend to death after he threatened her with mutilation. Morbid? Weird? Sure, but then this is L.A. If you're into more conventional attractions, they certainly exist, but then you might as well go to Des Moines or Orlando. If you can't be morbid and weird in Los Angeles, where else in the whole, wide world can you be?