This rating is an all inclusive rating ro ocean city and the surrounding sites and cities. Now Here's my story! first off, the roads are confucisn an maryland and the first time whe went there we laughed at the fact that there are signs with a question mark and we thought they din't know what was there but something was there. and we din't know what thart maent, we also was a tad misled about the sing that had a pine tree falling over a picnic table! we found out it meant that it was a rest area. that was strange. oh well, let's get to the fun stuff! we went twice and the first time we stayed at a hotel that was 150$/night and the second time we brought our motor-home and camped at a wild west campground that ahd alot of water parks and stuff, it was cool. now the first and second times the boardwalk experice was the same and we did and saw basically the same things the nice sea shore and smelled the nice ocean breeze. This is mostly about the second time. The second time it was more fun and we ate at a pizza place that gave us a HUGE pizza for only $12.99 it was at some itallian place I don't remember the name, but it was cool. I loved the beach and the waves were huge some were 20 soem feet high! I swam out really far and rode the big waves it was really fun, the part I hated about it was when the salt-water got in my eyes and it burned! I didn't stay in the water too long since it was too salty and it was kinda cold. oh well, then back at the camper we went to the water park and rode the water slides and swam at the pool, then at night we went to see tarzan at the movie thingy and it was good, I left early since I got tired, the movies were free, that was cool. I did have a good time there, we really did'nt do much, we went to an anime convention in baltimore maryland called OTAKON2000 and it was really cool, I dyed my hair pink and we saw alot of animes and i boght a sailormoon shirt and someone dropped a couple of anime cells (pictures)on the floor and we got them for free! the person was gone, we did not see them drop on the floor so my mom an sis wanted me to take them so I did. he he. then we went to my uncles house, I did'nt do much at the convention since I ahd to take care of my little cousin hillary and I had to take her to movies and stuff that was kid-friendly. oh well our ocean city/baltimore vacation was really exciting and cool!!!