This is one giant melting pot for losers, scammers, and people waiting to die. First off, the West Gulf (Gulf of Mexico - Tampa/Clearwater Area) is hot, sticky, dirty, and full of crime and famous for child molesters. The West coast is one giant episode of Jerry Springer. Half of the people can't read, and the other half are busy working their minimum wage jobs or looking for a quick scam (i.e. ripping off old people) to make a dollar. There is a large number of single moms who appear to have popped out their first two children before the age of 18 to get their welfare checks. The West Coast along with the South part of the state is infested with New Yorkers who can't seem to leave the "old sod" in the past. They all talk about how great it was in New York, root against Florida teams when they play their old teams from NY, and raise up all the property values. Funny how they had it "so great" in New York that they are living down here bragging. The West Coast and the South Coasts are loaded with people age 65 and older. It's like they are down here because "it's the thing to do" when you get old and are waiting to die or their families don't want them. Highway 19 is one giant Pawn Shop full of people that cannot drive. Some people are old timers with the huge sunglasses that drive 10 MPH under the speed limit, and then you have the jackoffs from NY that drive 10 MPH over the speed-limit, and then you have the tourists who don't have any clue where they are going. As a result, there are cars going in 8 different directions and to top it off there are several mindless pedestrians who think they can cross a 10-lane highway during rush hour. The Central part of the state is full of hillbillies who look like they came fresh out of a truck stop. The Southern part of the state is overcrowded, overpriced, and full of illegal immigrants. Tampa is always in the Top 5 in crime along with it's brother Miami. Orlando is full of uptight yuppies that think they are in the North. The beaches on the East are garbage compared to the beaches on the West. Daytona and Cocoa Beach are dirty run-down beaches that you can drive your pickup truck on there. The beaches on the West are nicer, however, they don't even clean the weeds out of the water and you might get bite by a snake or a jellyfish. There are tons of shark attacks in the Gulf, and not to mention the Red Tide. The Red Tide is a disease-infested tide that kills all the fish and makes people ill for 2-4 weeks that are affected by it yet people continue to swim in it as the dead fish and seaturtles floating are upside down beside them. Panama City Beach is the most overrated Spring Break resort in the country. When it's not under construction from getting hit 2-3 times annually from hurricanes, it is full of people from March to May looking for the time of their lives. However, it looks like a run-down piece of trash from an old Wild West movie. Not to mention the overpriced hotels full of roaches. What they call "seasonal rates," or "ripping off the Northerners" they raise the prices and rent. Funny cause when it's 100 degrees in Florida and the snowbirds all go North, they don't raise the rates for the people flocking out of the state. Oh yeah, and make sure you don't flip off the asshole that cuts you off when you are driving because under the new law that just went into effect, they can legally shoot you if they feel "threatened." That pretty much sums up Florida, did I miss anything?