The USA rates five stars for its varied and interesting geography- with some great mountains, bleak forbodding plains, deserts, shorelines with beautiful beaches and rocky coves and wonderful forests. Where it rates 1 star is its over all culture- One based on excessive crass materialism and greed; there are racist, sexist and now homohobic issues little different then 150 years ago. There is also a troubling widening gap between the halves and have nots, which further degrades the quality of life- it seems the nation has reverted back to the gilded age of robber barrons. There is to be fair a decent representative democracy- however this is being destroyed and eroded by the far right wing- with its semi fascist goals. There are of course great regional variations. New England and the mid Atlantic region are the most progressive, with a true Euro feel, while the west coast is the same with better weather. The upper midwest has progressive Islands as well- however sadly to say the rest of this nation is filled with dopes with no idea of what their best interests are. Racism, sexism and homophobia are rampant throughout the south, lower midwest and intermountain west. The nations voting patterns are similiar to the pre and post civil war period. Whats truly amazing is that the two major political parties are reverse of what the where in 1900- the Republican party was the party of Lincoln (which was an outgrowth of the Whigs and Federalists. The republicans of that era where progressive and the Demos regressive- The Democratic party was then a 'southern' party of farmers and former slave holders- today it is totally reversed! The 2004 election electoral map is chillingly similiar to that of the late 19th century- with the politcal parties reversed in their voting patterns. It seems that race still is a major issue (as it was 150 years ago) along now with gay rights. There is far too much greed in this country at the expense of the weak and those unable to compete in this brutal free enterprise economy. Health care is embarassingly expensive, why a nation as rich and powerful as the USA cannot offer its citizens affordable medical care is sinful. The USA is the only remaining representative democracy not offering basic healthcare for free or low cost-Most people are at the mercy of for profit companies and their share holders regarding their personal well being. It might be best to avoid the mid and deep south, the mid and lower midwest, the intermountain west and great plains. The most tolerant region of the USA is the Washington To Boston corridor, Chicagoland, and the west coast and Hawaii- the rest is sadly backward and racist. Profit means everything here- at the expense of people. A nation of false promise, and great opportunity for those smart enough, clever or lucky enough to be successful in this cut throat competitive economic culture. If not- have a trust fund. The USA has become so fragmented culturally in terms of Geography- (more so then even before the civil war) perhaps a separation is in order in the future- with the northeast, upper midwest and west coast starting a new nation. Time will tell. 