To Yankeehater: Amazing...I'm a "yankee" which means you know everything about me. just because you love me so much I'm going to retire to SC to piss you off and keep y'all company. Have a nice day, ya hear? Tom Yankeehater's post" "Why do y'all move here by the thousands if it is so horrible and backwards here? Want to see backwards? Try Cleveland, OH.. LOL Or maybe Newark, NJ. Try Detroit, MI for racist pigs and the nastiest city in the US. Oh what about those racist pig police in Cincinnati that were all over the news? And what about all those weirdo's running around and shooting people up there around Columbus? So these well known Cities of the North are what you guys call modern and hip? So I guess our cities should be more like Newark, Youngstown, Detroit, Cincinnati, Cleveland? Oh let's start on Cleveland. The city known as the mistake by the lake. The city where their Mayor caught his hair on fire on public television and also where a river was so polluted that it too caught fire. Also the town was so poor at one time it could not afford to keep it's lights on or pave it's own streets. Just recently there wasn't even a Home Depot, Super Wal Mart, Target, or even a decent grocery store any place around Cleveland. Oh maybe they consider Rego Rini stop and shops a major chain there. LOL This is what we should want in the South? NO! I am so glad that many of you Yankee tourist and transplants find South Carolina so horrible. I for one love to be rude and inconsiderate to Yanks. I also make my TRAILER near Hilton Head just as unsightly as possible so that maybe I can run off even more of you who come here to visit or move. I sho nuff loves my tractor tires on each side of my ditch out front. We do not need you here.. STOP COMING HERE PLEASE! I own a business here and if a Yankee comes in I try to treat him as rude as possible so he will leave. I don't need any Yankee money touching my hands or my employees hands or even my register. GO HOME YANKEES! We don't want you here to start with. Also on a rainy day if I see Yankee tourist on Hilton Head walking or riding their tricycles on or near the streets I do my very best to splash the hell out them and give them the finger. It gets them every time.. LMAO Yeap we here in SC are tobacco chewing backward rednecks from hell. We like toating our guns around with our Rebel flags.. Come here yank so I can spit some tobacco juice on ya. GO HOME YANKS! IF IT IS SO BAD HERE THEN THE BEST SOLUTION IS FOR YOU TO STAY IN YOUR FROZEN, RUDE NORTH where you have already destroyed everything. Life must be pretty sad up there because so many of you are trying to have a better life in the South. GO HOME YANKS TRUST ME WE DON'T WANT YOUR WAY OF LIFE NOR YOUR KIND HERE." 