I lived in Warren, Madison Heights, and Troy for 5 years from 17-21 until I had to move out of there. The Southeast Area: Traffic is horrible, the casinos are in the ghetto, and there isn’t a lot of things to do for young people. Many young people go to Windsor, Canada for a good time. The people are very intense and uptight. It seems like people can’t get enough of arguing and heated debates there. The girls are extremely judgmental and the guys all talk negatively about the other guys thinking it’s going to allow them to get ahead of the next man. If you say hello to a girl you don’t know randomly, they automatically think you want to get into their pants and go into full-fledge defense mode. I am a fairly decent looking guy who has now been married for 3 years (I didn’t meet my wife in Michigan), and most of the girls just dusted me here when I tried to be friendly and strike up conversations. I never had any problems meeting women up until my family moved here when I was 17. When I moved out of here, I realized that Southeast Michigan is one giant materialistic rat race. All the girls are aiming for a guy who makes $100k a year so they can have a big house. The males and females here both think in terms of “Lets Keep Up With The Jones” and they compete for who has the most play toys (boats, snowmobiles, big televisions, new computers, stereos, new SUVs, campers, etc.). Too bad they rarely use them because they are too busy working 50 hours a week to pay them off and the wives can never get enough money from their husbands. People are under stress to make their payments on their play toys and big companies keep going out of business and the car companies aren’t what they used to be. The unemployment rate sits around 6-7% most of the time, which makes the industry ever-competitive when you have all these people aiming to make the big bucks to live the “Michigan Dream” (the SUV, 50 hours of work, tons of payments, and an unsatisfied wife with a couple kids). The people are really heavy and overweight. I’m not saying this to be critical, but the facts are that people are too concerned about money and let their physical health go. Many women put on weight when they get married and men grow the bear guts. In the process, people alienate themselves from others for the most part. Oakland, Macomb, and St. Clair County is full of wallet-sniffers with high expectations for their man. Ann Arbor is very stuck up and full of Louis Vuitton wearing people with their noses high in the sky. They want a man that works 50 hours a week so they can drive around a SUV and be the town bitch with the nice nails. The women slavedrive the husbands and the divorce rate is very high. The guys are uptight and quick to judge. They have a standard of perfection to uphold, and if you don’t meet those demands, people are quick to insult you and/or talk about you behind your back. It’s extremely difficult to meet new people unless you are in a clique, which are also very difficult to get in if you are new to the area because most of them are established in high school and stay together through the college years. People don’t like to have any random conversations. Go to any commercial outlet and you will get the fakest formulated “Thank you – Have a Nice Day” that you will ever seen (lots of times, they just say it and won’t even look you in the eye). Other than there being nothing to do, the weather is cold most of the year. And my final bit of advice, is don’t wear an opposing rivals sports apparel or people will start fights with you. I grew up in Colorado Springs before I moved here and I wore my Avalanche jersey and people would make threats on my life, threaten to beat me up, make rude comments when I walked by, etc. People love to start fights here for anything and they often go out of their way to start them. Overall, it was a bad experience for me. 