Tennessee is my home state and I do love it, warts and all. Yes, we have some definite educational issues in which changes and improvements are long overdue. Fortunately, I live in the Nashville area where the schools are much better equipped to provide our children with a better education than most areas of the state. Nashville is also filled with exceptional talent and entertainment that extends well beyond the Country Music venues. Shopping is great here, and most areas have clean upscale neighborhoods that are safe and community oriented. The inner cities areas are crime ridden, but I avoid them at all cost, here and and in any other state through which I travel, just as I do the rednecks...here and in ANY state I travel with small minds and big mouths who cast an unfavorable blight on our state as a hole. Knoxville is great for those who love college football and who wish to be in close proximity to those beautiful Smokey Mountains and the surrounding foothills. Whether you're a nature lover or sports fan, or looking for good, clean, casual family entertainment indoors or out, this is a great place to be. We don't claim to be the most exciting state, or the wealthiest, or the most refined. Our attractions will probably pale in comparison to those of NYC, LA and other major ports of call. But when I consider the fact that I can walk down my street without fear of getting shot, and pay my taxes without taking out a second mortgage, or plan activities that do not include emergency flight plans, I believe I could live in much worse places. A sidenote: the previous post claims that we are NOT free. Please be reminded that freedom is a privilege. Moreover, freedom comes with a price. Freedom does not mean you live in the land of do as you please; and the laws that govern this state or any other were not implemented to pass the inspection of your "open mind." If blue laws, or indecent exposure laws bother you, perhaps you should consider Afghanistan. Perhaps then you might appreciate the freedoms you DO have here in Tennessee and this country as a whole. 