I am a 6th generation Californian on my father's side and 5th on my mother's side, so I might be a bit biased... but anyway... I love California!!! California has everything you could want: beautiful beaches, mountains, farm land, ski spots, surf spots, and open spaces (where else can you surf in the morning and snowboard in the afternoon?). It has beautiful women, beaches, people, and sunsets; an amazing music scene that has inspired some of the best bands in the last 30 years (and gave birth to several generations of musical trends); the heart of the movie industry; state universities that rank in the top 10 in the nation on a regular basis (but cost only 1/5 of the fees of East coast schools); a solid economic industry built on bio tech, computers, and education; and real estate market that continues to grow (in spite of the economic woes of the rest of the country) at a rate of 10% per year. I sometimes think that people that don't like California (or Californians) are just jealous. Where I live it is 72 degrees ten months out of the year, the people are beautiful, smart, kind, well-educated, and still open to new ideas. The only thing that SUCKS about living here is that everybody else wants to live here too!!! I have watched as my small beach town got turned into Yuppie-ville, and L.A.'s urban sprawl grew into the suburbs of Orange County and San Diego. I have watched as the Pacific Ocean became toxic and the price of land went through the roof. I have watched as people moved in, rents and housing prices went up, freeways got built, and our beach towns got invaded. Most of the people I know that grew up here have moved to Oregon, Washington, or the high Sierras to escape this invasion. California is special, but it is getting too over-populated. Oh, wait, on second thought.... California sucks, nobody should ever move here, the people are snobs, having sunshine everyday gets boring, the women are too tan, fit, and beautiful, the trees are too tall, the waves are too big, there are too many things to do, and too much acceptance of diversity. Don't move here EVER... I've heard that Colorado is nice.... try that, or stay home in the snow, (wouldn't you miss the snow drifts?).