Iran reminds me in many ways of my country (Ireland). Like my nation used to be, Iran is at once dominated by religion but at the same time, the people mostly don't want organised religion. In my country, the Catholic church ended very abruptly with modernisation. Thinking of Iran as a medieval, religious 3rd world nation (as many neocons like to do) is about as sensible as looking at my country as one of thatched cottages, leprechauns and so on!! Iran is a modern, secular country. And even the clerical government know that. While some laws are hardline compared to Europe, Iran is a lot more liberal and progressive than US allies Kuwait and Saudi Arabia. The people of Iran are always pressing for change and are gaining it. If you want the Iranian velvet revolution to end, then back Bush's plans to go to war with Iran. If you want Iran to become the Islamic democracy example, then leave things as they are: in the short-term, you'll find more and more freedoms will come: alcohol will become available, for example, but being drunk and disorderly will be punished (that's what I understand Islam means anyway, not outright bans on anything but bans on abuse of things). Also, Iran can be thankful for Ayatollah Khomeini: he kept the country together and saved it from a much tougher brand of Islam and an Afghan-style civil war with US and Russia vying for control. Khomeini was not the man the US saw: in fact, he was quite the opposite. Also, a lot of the unpopular policies of the Iranian government were never Khomeini's idea but were the ideas of much younger men who tried their best to take total control. Here are 10 things people might not know about Iran: 1. Iranians are not Arabs. 2. Iranians (including the government) are ideological enemies of Al Qaeda in all ways. 3. Iran shares many foreign policy objectives with the USA and should be a US ally. 4. Iran tried many times to be a US ally over the last 25 years but it was the US side which was least co-operative every time. 5. You can drink alcohol in Iran if you are not a Muslim. 6. Muslims can drink alcohol in their own homes (according to Ayatollah Khomeini, who once said the state can't interfere with people's home lives). 7. Tehran is not an ancient Persian city but a modern city mostly built in the 19th and 20th centuries. 8. Freddy Mercury of Queen was of Iranian ancestry and is very popular and now legal in Iran (as is country music and blues and a whole lot more types of music). 9. It is legal to be trans-sexual in Iran. 10. Even though it was the last Shah's father who called the country Iran (formerly known as Persia), Ayatollah Khomeini did not change the country's name back to Persia or to anything else: he kept the Pahlavi name of the country!! 