Goneway- once again you are showing your ignorance- all you can do is insult my 'mastery of the english language'- well GW Bush is Prez of the USA and his use of English??...case won again! Need I say more about comparing Georgia and Connecticut? Connecticut has among the Most progressive laws for gay men and lesbians, women and minorities- where does Georgia stand? Post civil war? Educational systems- rated ...where does Connecticut stand or any other state in New England Vs. the south and Goergia?? C'mon- get over the petty behavior- I have suddenly learned of the huge amount of insecurity the south still has- and you Sir totally epitomize that. I may not have the greatest english grammar- but then again neither did Einstein- but I do know that in Connecticut- Zell Miller and Newt would not be able to hold elected office- that does say alot for the MAJORITY of people in Georgia- need I say more? I am sure you are totally able to judge everyone in the great state of Connecticut (that was against slavery) and well Georgia- we know how Georgia felt about slavery- as did the rest of the south- which had Jim Crow to the middle of the 20th century... perhaps we should have let them secede- Lincoln made a big mistake in wanting to preserve the Union. But then again that was then and this is now... Georgia has for the most part still remained (except the great American Jimmy Carter) a confederate right wing gargbage state- which is anti gay, anti black, anti Jew anti anything progressive- And as for your beloved home state- yes it is Better then Mississippi and Alabama which is indeed faint praise... Atlanta is overwelming- but has some energy and the coast around Savannah is decent- however the rest of the state has remained backward through the years - with yes rednecks, hicks and bigots everywhere. I say to the south and some states in the lower midwest and great plains- let the 'blue states' of New England, the region from DC to New York, PA, the upper midwest and the west coast secede- let the south and these other slacker states remain in 'Jesus land' and let GW Bush and the rest of the GOP care for them when they are old - Perhaps they can move up from their single wide to a double- and then have their teeth fixed- while they continue to vote for the same bigots they voted for since 1870. Good day southerner- I do hope you enjoy your ignorance and southern plastic snobery. 