UPDATE: To all those living in Fla., think long and hard before moving out of state. I've begun work in Conn. and it's overall a depressed and boring place to live. It gets dark up here around 7pm, bars close down way too early, people keep to themselves, and are narrow-minded beyond belief in New England as well. With the possible exception of California, Oregon, Washington, Colorado, D.C., and Virginia, no state can compare to the Sunshine state. UPDATE: I'm going to have to drop Fla. back down to a three. the four star rating was rather short-lived. The residents of this state are getting on my nerves. As I've mentioned before, there are many advantages to life in Fla. The state is very unique, has a subtropical climate, and wonderful beaches, sunsets, tstorms, etc. For me, the natural beauty of the state scores a five. What gets tiring is the uncomfortable feel to the state. Many people seem intent on screwing over their neighbor through various scams and by being rather fake. Also, as Moosekarloff suggests, the cranky old farts and the redneck quotient is alarmingly high in places. 12/5/04:Lots of passionate views towards Florida judging from the earlier posts. Having visited a lot of states I'd have to say Florida is better than most. First of all, Florida still remains an affordable place to live(especially comapred with the northeastern states), with the exception of a few locations along the southeast coast. I enjoy all the RIA folks who live up North that say its expensive in Fla. Everything is cheaper down here. Orlando and the Tampa/St.Pete area are of manageable size. Traffic can get pretty bad in areas around Orlando(esp. I-4 a.k.a. Die 4)but if you stay on the toll roads usually you'll be fine. Both Tampa and Orlando have professional sports and have a pretty loyal base of fans. Orlando has NBA's Magic and Tampa has the NFL Bucaneers, NHL Lightning, and up-and-coming MLB Devil Rays. Up in Jacksonville you have NFL's Jaguars and down in Miami the Dolphins, the NBA Heat, and NHL Panthers. College football reigns supreme and the rivalries between the UF Gators-FSU Seminoles, and FSU Seminoles and Miami Hurricanes always make for interesting office conversation. There are golf courses throughout the state. Many are well maintained and reasonably priced. The beaches in the state are incredible. the best quality of sand (outside of Hawaii) and water temps in the 70's and 80's much of the year. The Gulf Coast beaches may have little surf but the water is clear and there are few shells (a far cry from the seaweed and sharp shelled beaches of the Northeast). There are many beaches to explore around the Tampa/St.Pete area but every year the top ranked beaches in the state are in the Panhandle region between Panama City and Destin. Best time of the year to visit the state is from October-April. Sunny and 70's/80's during the day and 50's/60's overnight. Close to the Georgia border it can cool down during the winter but the cold snaps are brief and infrequent. Being a Sub-Tropical climate, Florida has a wet and dry season ao if you visit between June-Sept. be prepared for the afternoon thunderstorms with INTENSE lightning. The tourists flood the peninsula during the dry season (oct-may) and leave the residents alone for the remainder of the year. Most visitors frequent the state during spring break but I've always found Oct/Nov to be a better time for visitors. the roads are less congested and the weather is a little cooler. Because Florida is so unique from the other states is why I've scored it favorably. Whether it is a blue or red state is irrelevent. The better areas of the state are the Gulf coastal areas near Tampa/St.Pete, parts of the panhandle beaches near Destin, and Orlando is pretty cool. Places to avoid are Jacksonville, Gainesville, and most of the inland counties. In places like Sumter County and the dreaded Polk County there is a strong redneck influence. No surprise really because it is not a tourist destination. In fact, Lakeland is the real sore spot of the state and prevents Florida from a strong four or five star rating. What you will encounter in Lakeland, besides the rednecks and the thugs, are numerous strip malls, a sea of stoplights, the most annoying traffic, stupid drivers, ugly cinderblock homes and buildings (the entire city and county is an eyesore), and the most brutal heat and humidity imaginable. The folks in the counties like Polk do not smile and are generally unfriendly but they will stare at you. If you avoid the inland counties and stay near the beach resorts your visit to Florida should be fine. 