Very happy to leave this horrably shallow, generic, prefabrocated excuse for a city. It's not a city at all, it is a system of interlocking suburbs masquerading as a city. There is absolutly no sense of community, family, history, or culture. Everyone there is either in therapy, or in denial of needing it. This place is swarmed by what i like to call wannabe yuppies; thats people that look and act like yuppies to make themselves look good, but in reality are very disfunctional. The divorce rate is very high and for a new south city, it sure is segregated. The schools are a joke as well,THEY HAVE A COUNTY SCHOOL SYSTEM, ONE SCHOOL SYSTEM FOR THE WHOLE COUNTY!!!!! That magazine statistic made up to promote growth for this stupid place that calls them some of the best schools in the country, obviously missed a lot. In just the past few months; Over half of the eighth graders at Dillard Drive middle school failed the grade, 2 FIVE YEAR OLD CHILDREN were RAPED on the SCHOOL BUS, a 15 year old boy was stabbed in the stomach by another 15 year old boy at Athens High school, there was a pedofile drivers ed teacher at Green Hope high school, and they had to cancel a homecoming game at Green Hope High school because they feared there would be too many fights. The weather is overrated as well. Yes, it is a medium climate; medium meaning it is still WAY to hot and humid in the summer, with severe thunderstorms almost everyday, many of them with tornadoes; and with winters that are cold enough to still get a few inches of snow a couple times durring winter,and an icestorm or two(or three in winter 2002-2003,) which is enough to close everything down for days or even weeks. And lets not forget the moust infamous weather that most of North Crapolina has, HURRICANES!!!!!!! Anyone reading this who has heard and read so much about how wonderfull this place is, take my word for it, it is extremely overrated! It only looks good on paper, in real life it is horrible! That is why i am moving my family back to New York state where kids can get a good education in a safe school environment, and there is actually a sense of community!