Just returned from Eurodisney (family holiday 2 adults, 2 children 5 & 7). Stayed for 3 nights in Explorers Hotel. Hotel was exceptionally clean and staff very helpful. Great hotel for kids offering a swimming pool and big indoor ball play area. Also has a pirate ship to explore with a slide going into the swimming pool and a Disney shop. Breakfast continental which was OK (cereal/rolls/yogurts etc,,) however you could pay an extra 6 euros for full english although it wasn't actually that good! Rooms a little small but comfortable and it was very quiet at night. Free Shuttle bus runs to Disney fairly frequently and is about 10 mins away. Holiday duration was for 3 nights/4 days which was just about enough. We arrived early afternoon on our first day and decided just to take it easy and use the hotel facilities for the first day and get an early night after all the travelling. Food in hotel is fairly limited as it is throughout Disney so be prepared for your kids to live off of chips for the duration of your holiday. Noticed that others have commented about how expensive Disney is and Yes it is!! Restaurants are not too bad, we managed to eat for approx 15-20 per head for adults and 7-10 for kids. Drinks and ice-creams however are a complete rip-off at about 1.60 a bottle!! I have read other peoples comments that you are not allowed to take your own food/drink into the parks however there was no mention of this anywhere and we saw quite a few people with their own packed lunch! Problem is that there there are no local shops other than an Esso garage so it probably still work out quite expensive to take your own food..Definitely isn't a problem taking your own drinks into the park because nobody said anything to us - we took our own bottle of squash and filled up the kids drink bottles from the water in the hotel room before we went - it is very tiring walking round the parks and the kids get very thirsty so I would recommend taking in as much drink as you can carry due to the extortionate prices! There is a Macdonalds in Disney village which is only slightly more expenisve than in the UK therefore if you're only going for a few days, I would recommend you use it for meals/drinks to help keep the price down and it certainly keeps the kids happy! Both parks were good however Walt Disney Studios is not as big as Disneyland and has very little rides - more suited to older children/adults although the kids did get a chance to have their photos taken here with Woody/Jessie from toy story and saw quite a few other disney characters. The disneyland park has much more to do however is so busy that the kids didn't have a chance to get near any of the disney characters here unless you're prepared to push and shove like the alot of visitors do!! My biggest complaint about both parks would be the queue's and the many technical faults! All the main rides we tried to get on had a queue of approx 45mins - 1hour which is quite exhausting with young children getting bored!! Some of the simpler rides for younger children were about half an hour queue which wasn't too bad. The queue's really eat into your time as well! They do operate a fast pass system however it is only on very few rides such as the main attractions like Peter Pan Flight/Thunder Mountain. Get your fast passes early though otherwise you wont get on until late in the evening - Quite a few of the rides had technical faults also and were temporarily closed which was really fustrating - On two of our three days the Peter Pan ride was out of action for most of the day! The Fantasy parade in the evening at Disneyland is well worth staying on for - starts about 10.30pm and everything is lit up - followed by a firework display at 11.15pm which is also very good - you'll enjoy it even if you cant keep the kids awake! Overall, we all enjoyed the holiday and the kids loved it (apart from the queues).. Its a great experience however it is very expensive and I would not say it is a Vaule for Money holiday so be prepared to be out of pocket! It was a good few days, the travel on Eurostar was very good however would probably not go again. Anyone that rates it as GREAT has obviously not been to Disney in America because it doesn't even come close - I definitely felt the magic in America however it was not quite the same feeling in France..I would not visit Eurodisney again, preferring to wait until the children are older and take them to the States.. 