The Museum of Science and Industry is fascinating for people of all ages. Got a kid who's never been on a plane? Take him to Flight 727: San Francisco to Chicago , which is a simulated flight that takes place on a REAL retired UAL 727. Look at the floor of the plane as the wheels extend- you can see the city lights of Chicago below, thanks to the unbelievably realistic train model, which leaves Chicago and goes all the way to the West Coast. Got a space nut in your household? They will love the space exhibits, including the actual capsule from the Apollo 8 mission. Want to relive the romantic passenger train days? All aboard the Silver Streak, an actual Pioneer Zephyr train. Ever wonder what a U-boat submarine was like? Climb onboard U-505, a captured German sub from WW2. But remember to maintain respect. This exhibit is also a memorial to those who died in WW1 and WW2. Got a bun in the oven and a little one wondering why Mom's tummy is growing? The prenatal exhibit is fascinating, showing 40 different stages of fetal development. Sadly, the stages are shown with real fetuses, whose survival was prevented by natural causes or accidents. These unfortunate ones now help to educate museum visitors on the wonders of human reproduction. Thinking about a Big Mac for lunch? First, walk through the huge heart and think about how much work your own heart does for you. Thank it with a salad. :) Some exhibits are just plain fun to see, like the exhibit of fast food toys, past and present. If you, like me, are of a certain age , you will find yourself saying over and over, Heyyyy! I remember that!! The MSI is such a great place to visit, I bought a family membership so I could go as much as I wanted. As far as the location, MSI is located in historic and beautiful Hyde Park, which, yes, is on the South side of the city, an area which has a bad rap from years ago that it just cannot shake. Since you won't be going to the museum at 3AM on foot, DON'T THINK A THING ABOUT IT! During the day, this is a vibrant, lovely setting. You can even look for the ghost of famed Chicago attorney Clarence Darrow, who, it is said haunts the back stairs of the MSI, as well as the Darrow Memorial bridge at the MSI. (Darrow always swore he would come back after death to this area. Many people report seeing an elderly man in period clothing who disappears into thin air when approached.) Too many Chicagoans refuse to venture to the South side out of ignorance, fear, or both. They are missing an incredibly historic and lovely area of this great city, where crime is overrated and fun is underrated. (You have a better chance of getting robbed blind by the merchants at Navy Pier than being a victim of any crime at MSI. Trust me on this one. Chicagoans have always been a hearty breed- why must they cower in fear at the mere mention of the other side of our town? Go on down to MSI- you will not regret it. 