Boy, Pennsylvania seems to really offend some people. We moved here about three years ago, and although there are some negative things, there are plenty of positives to counterbalance them. Overall, I like Pennsylvania a lot (otherwise I wouldn't have moved here by choice). Negatives: Lots of old people (hey, I'm a senior citizen too) who drive too damn slow on the many two-lane roads around here. They ride around in nice new cars (lots of what I consider old fogey Buicks and Chryslers) but apparently have forgotten what purpose the accelerator serves. Maybe it's just as well, because there are always a lot of deer running out in front of cars around here, so there's something to be said in defense of slow drivers. Some of the roads (not as many as people gripe about) are in need of repair, or seem always to be under reconstruction. Property taxes are way too high. Philly has too many run-down neighborhoods. REading (not all that far from where I live) has a high crime rate and is pretty run down. Minkeydude is right about the PA Turnpike signs - they changed them last year and even I didn't have a clue as a Pennsylvania resident that it was going to happen until it actually did. Pennsylvanians tend to be clannish (especially the Amish and the Mennonites - to them we are The English or The worldly). That said, let's turn to positives: Lots of beautiful scenery; lots of really nice back roads to enjoy driving at a fairly leisurely pace (somewhat of a rarity for me - I like to drive fast). Lots of history (not too many years ago there used to be signs on roads on the southern border of Pennsylvania that said Welcome to Pennsylvania. America starts here. I guess it was offensive to too many people. Some excellent restaurants (not all that many, but the good ones are good. If you ever get to West Chester, try Spence Cafe. Great food at moderate prices). When people aren't being clannish, they can be very friendly and helpful. Dealing with local merchants was a real change from the impersonal service I had been accustomed to in the DC metro area. At least in the area I live in (Chester County), there's still pretty much of a rural America feeling. People seem to care about the environment and each other. Pennsylvanians also seem to be able to make fun of themselves. I wish I could rate PA as a 4.5, because I don't think it quite makes it to a 5. Maybe I'll change my mind after I live her another couple of years.