My comments about Lake Garda are based on somewhat dated info (1974-1987 timeframe), based on more visits than I can remember. I don't think that any of the essential things have changed in the past 15 years or so. Taking a drive around the entire circumference of Lake Garda (Lago di Garda in Italian) takes a couple of hours or so - it's about a 60-65 mile circuit. However, you'd be hard pressed not to want to stop along the way, several times, to enjoy walking around some of the towns along the route, and certainly, stopping to eat somewhere along the way. Budget a full day for sure. For whatever the reason, I found that driving the circuit in a counterclockwise direction (i.e., from the eastern to the western side) was more pleasant than the other way around. There are some really nice towns along the lake, the best one probably being Sirmione (which juts into the lake like a finger). Desenzano, Peschiera, and Torri del Benaco are also nice, but almost anywhere along the coast is pleasant. There are a couple of attractions worth mentioning: the first is Gabriele D'Annunzio's Vittoriale, at Gardone (on the western side of the lake). D'Annunzio was a firebrand nationalist who left his villa as a museum. Aside from the grounds, there are some interesting displays - things like a WW I torpedo boat, a WW I biplane, and the one that's unique and hard to forget, is the superstructure of a WW I naval vessel (I think it was a destroyer) perched on a hill overlooking the lake. What would have been the wooden decking on the ship is made of granite (or some stone like it), and looks pretty much like real planking, to include different colored stone for the caulking. Another site of interest (at least for some), although I personally never got to see it, it the villa at Salo' which was Mussolini's headquarters after he had been deposed as dictator and was a puppet of the Germans. There are also some spectacular views of the lake from a couple of the hill towns on the western side of the lake. Back to the lake and towns along it: driving along the lake is not normally a problem, except for high volume during the tourist season. There are many, many galleries along the road, so there is sometimes a succession of going from sunlight to dark in tunnels; most galleries are open toward the lake side. It can be momentarily disorienting at times. There are restaurants aplenty along the lake; prices range from decent to astonomical. One restaurant I remember well, both because of the food and the ambiance, was the restaurant at Castel Toblino (the restaurant is in an old castle or mansion) at the northern end of the lake. Food is uniformly good anywhere along the lake (as it is in almost all that region of Italy). Some of my favorites were tortellini with cream sauce and plenty of Parmigiano cheese; veal (almost any kind); risotto dishes (a wide variety). Wines are all good; Bardolino comes from a town right along the coast. If you need something stronger to warm you up, or to finish off a big meal, try grappa (firewater). There are plenty of varieties and brands to choose from (Fratelli Nardini is sort of generic, and is OK, but there are better boutique brands available, but are more expensive). I never stayed at any hotels along the lake, but there are plenty to choose from. Typically, they are thronged with Germans during the summer season (the northern portion of the lake actually was Austrian territory until after WW I- German is spoken by most of the Italians in the lake region, more so than English). That's sort of it for the immediate lake area itself, although there are a couple of other interesting places to visit not too far. South of the lake there is a village called Valeggio sul Mincio, a really small town with a pleasant stretch of the Mincio River slowing through it. There's a bridge reputedly crossed by Napoleon there (and at one end of the bridge is, or was, a fabulous restaurant). Attilla the Hun also reportedly crossed the river here - it is very shallow at this point. Another site of interest (for those interested in military things) is the military museum at Rovereto, north of the lake. Has the best collection of Italian small arms in all of Italy, as far as I know. The lake is an easy day trip from Verona, if you're spending any time in that area.