A lot of people that are rating Cali obviously never lived there (which is probably a good thing). I used to live in San Diego and I was happy to move out. Southern California is full of traffic jams, underpaid labor, and overpriced housing. A small house here runs around $600k and an apartment runs anywhere from $1400 to $2200 a month, depending on how close you are to the water. The climate is probably the best part of living here as it is very mild. However, don't let the sunshine image fool you, it gets chilly in Dec. - Feb and sometimes drops down to the 30's at night. The waves here are second to none and the beautiful hills and valleys can't be beat. However, the traffic problem is enough to drive any sane man crazy. People out West speak in terms of minutes rather than miles. I worked 4 miles from where I worked and it took me 35 minutes to get to work. The people are very laid-back, which is nice, but some of them are very clicky and pretentious. San Diego is filled with Navy members and surfer-types. The sunsets are beautiful. There are a lot of strange/weird people here, so if you are into people watching, it's definitely a cool place. People in Southern California are very independent and this could be attributed to the large number of out-of-state people and residents always moving around because of high cost of living and job demands. The jobs are hard to come by and you will likely be underpaid because of the large number of illegal immigrants from Mexico. Mexicans dominate the landscape and it's common to hear people speak Spanish at drive-thrus and restaurants. The Downtown area of SD is overrated and full of overpriced $20-$50 clubs. Mission Valley is a nice place to visit as it has a beautiful outdoor mall (Fashion Valley) and San Diego State University is a nice place to party. If you are young, there are house parties down Montezuma and people are pretty friendly for the most part in welcoming strangers. If you like baseball, the downtown area is worth checking out. Pacific Beach and Ocean Beach are overrated. They are always packed, dirty, full of bums, and overpriced souvenier shops. If you like a relaxing day, they are nice to walk around on the weekends, but good luck finding a parking spot. There is surfing, biking, roller blading, skydiving, snorkling, beach bonfires here. West coast barbeques are very common and famous on the Southwest landscape. La Jolla Shores is a beautiful beach along the cliffside and La Jolla Cove is a one-of-a-kind unique site. There are a lot of concerts, especially west coast rap shows, and local rock bands. The negatives of California is that it's very difficult to make friends because people are so independent and busy working they have no time to hang out. It's not uncommon for people to work 3 jobs to afford there one-bedroom apartment. There are people in their 40's renting rooms here (no joke). People live with their parents into their mid-30's because of the high housing. While all the funstuff makes it an attraction, there is never anytime to do any of these things if you live here. People are too busy trying to pay rent, sitting in traffic jams, and living paycheck to paycheck. People that live in inland will find that it takes an hour to get to the beach when they are only 12 miles away and they have to find a parking spot because of traffic. There are mudslides, forest fires, and earthquakes. There is ant season where tons of ants will get into people's garages and bathrooms. Black widow spiders are everywhere. When it rains here, people cannot drive. People will do anything for money here (seriously) just to get by and pay their rent. People rent out garages for $300/month. The housing boom, natural disasters, overcrowding, and traffic jams have ruined Southern California and made it impossible to afford every owning a home. San Diego is in debt $10 billion and the mayor just resigned. Illegal immigrants make job hunting ever-impossible. Overall, it's a 2-class environment -- upper class and non-upper class. If you are in the upper class, Southern California can be paradise. If you are in the lower class, life can be completely miserable working three jobs with little freetime.