My name is nick, i am 16 years old. I was born in suburban Rochester, and when i was 6, my father made a decision to move my family to Raleigh, NC. After being in Raleigh for 10 years now, i have to say. Rochester is better, and i wish more than anything on earth that we could move back there. I can't really explain it, but Rochester has something specail about it. I don't just think it is because it is my home town, but more because it is A home town in general. People there know each other, they have family/community relationship with eachother. Most people think that teenagers don't really care about things like that, i can't speak for all teens; but damn it, i sure care. It really pisses me off to see all of this glorification of the southeast and southwest, and dissing of the northeast and midwest. Down2Earf is wrong. Rochester is ABOVE average, statisticaly speaking, not only my opinion. Here in Raleigh, its really unbelievable, every single family is disfunctional!! I am not saying that it is weird for every family to have skeletons in the closet, but here its just ridiculous!! The case of 75% of families here is very similar to mine.... Moved from the North, parents get divorced, brutal custody battles, dead-beat fathers, the mothers usually try to move back to the north, but are too afraid to say anything to the husbands, because of the phenomeneon that occurs here that causes every single man in their 30's and 40's to turn into a jerk!! It happened to my father, and it happened to almost every single person that i meet's father! I am so happy when we go back to Rochester for visits durring summer and chirstmas, and see that there are nice families still left in the world, because god knows there aren't more than a few here in Raleigh. My basic point is; STAY IN ROCHESTER!!! IT IS BETTER THAN WE ALL GIVE IT CREDIT FOR!!! Also, i would like to know when the last time a large amount of people died in a blizzard? Because that is about the ONLY natural disaster if you can even call it that, that occurs in Rochester. I don't believe that has happened too often. But hunderds of people get killed in the Hurricanes we get here every year! So don't diss Rochester's weather either. I am trying to convince my mom and stepdad to move back to Rochester, i know that my mother wants to, and i plan on tricking her into saying it, so that we can get out of this pergatory and get home to Rochester ASAP! If not, i am deffinetly going to college in that area, SUNY Brockport, University of Rochester, RIT, or if i do really well, Cornell which is just a few hours away. All of these excelent schools have fields that would suit me. And the whole Rochester area deffinetly suits me and would suit anybody that wants a real quality life!ADD: One more thing, i know it has been over a year; but i just now saw that article in that toronto news paper that criticized rochester very badly. Personaly, i think that all rochesterians should line up on the shore of lake ontario, bend over, have that bitch Ms. Wong swim accross in the middle of winter, and come and kiss every single one of us royaly on the ass, then turn around and swim back to tornoto.