Great scenic views, woodlands, mountains, waterways, historic sites and history, tourist attractions, no sales tax on clothing, wildlife and fine academic institutions. Not so great; roads are in terrible condition, pollution, dirty roads and trash in certain areas, weather is so so, always windy, no jobs, red necks and country bumpkins who never leave their county borders, weird people who don't accept outsiders, even if your from another part of the state (not everyone but high %) weird people in general who always look and act miserable and strange (again not everyone), many towns that are economically deprived and oppressed. PA is a state that is in decline since the good'ole day's after WWII, more jobs are leaving the state then coming in, the state prides it's fine academic institutions, yet find's it hard to keep state born graduates within it's borders due to the fact there is little in the way of jobs. Philadelphia was annexed by New Jersey a long time ago and Pittsburgh is now part of Ohio, well not really but the two largest cities of PA seem so far detached from the rest of the state due to their geographical locations that it seems the rest of the state is somewhat deprived of growth, excitment, concerts and cultural activities. PA is also very old fashion, the state controls liquor sales and no you can't buy beer or wine or any other alcoholic beverage at 7-11 or a grocery store. Some say it controls consumption, but PA has a lot of bars to compensate for this. PA also has it's counties broken down into local goverments, that is townships, boroughs, cities and etc., this is old fashioned and you will find they all can't agree to disagree on anything, what takes 1 year somewhere else can take 10 years or more or maybe never to happen in PA. The state is getting hard hit with job outsourcing and many plants/factories are being closed every year. Philly & Pittsburgh are more white collar with the rest of the state mainly blue collar, but many of these jobs are disappearing and the state is not very business friendly or concerned about getting companies to relocate there. I gave PA a Great rating due to the history, tourist attractions and overall scenic beauty in the remote parts of the state. 