I have lived in Vermont for six years now. Having lived in New England almost my entire life as well as four additional states outside of Vermont, I feel that I can give a pretty straightforward review on Vermont. To the people who visit every so often Vermont and are considering a move here I'd say it's a great place to live, but bear in mind there are a few things you may, or may not want to consider before moving here. One: It's expensive. The overall cost of living will be much higher here than most urban cities. Something you can't truly foresee until you get here. Utilities are far more expensive I have found. The cost of heating is very expensive, unless you can have supplemental heating such as a wood stove. Also, you don't have much (save a few towns here and there) to choose from for your everyday expenses that you may be used to already, such as cell phone carriers, electric, gas, phone etc. Groceries are also a lot more expensive here than I have found in other cities, towns that we've lived in previously. Two: It's not as liberal as most folks may think. Yes, when you get to certain areas / towns there are a lot of free thinkers (for example, Burlington, Brattleboro etc.) However, don't assume that the majority of folks who reside here are all free spirits. I personally have not found that to be the case in comparison to other towns I have lived in over the years. Three: The employment situation is difficult. there are not a lot of places to work where you can get livable wages here in Vt. Four: The weather is tough in the winter. Yes, we do really get about five months of winter weather. I've seen it snow in late April and as early as November. Having lived in Maine for about 26 years though, I don't think (at least not the part of Vermont I live in) it's any more difficult than Maine, New Hampshire or Mass. So if you know what their weather is like, you'll be prepared. I don't think it's much colder or harder personally. That said, I still give Vermont a five star rating. I think the overall quality of living is outstanding. The people here are quite lovely, it's more laid back than anywhere I've ever lived. If you can adjust to the slower pace of life, and don't expect it to be like anywhere you've ever lived you'll do just fine. Be prepared to slow down here. We have found that it helps to either have something already set up to come to as far as employment goes, or to bring something with you, as we say here. There are a lot of transplants who come with the idea that well paying jobs are abundant. I have not found that to be the case, but if you have a good skill and can market yourself well you should be just fine. Schools are fantastic, towns are small and quaint, just like the photos you see. It's truly one of the only places I've lived or been that the photos are exactly like what you will find here. Most places that you look at say online or in photos show a few key beautiful places which are not truly representative of the entire area or state. This is NOT the case with Vermont. Every town I have visited is gorgeous! Filled with mountains, small towns and beautiful pastures. If you like the idea of seeing breathtaking mountain ranges daily, pastures of hosteins and friendly folks to live side by side with, this IS the place for you! You won't be dissapointed. 