It seems the vast amount of people who post here either love ot hate this state but it depends on the individual. Just because someone doesn't agree TN isn't wonderful doesn't mean they are wrong, it is their opinion. Having been to Tn several times to visit i didn't find it all that great. Some people ( NOT ALL) are very backwards and uneducated, i've met people in Knoxville and Nashville and met some real nice folks but i met mostly intolerant ppl, if you don't agree with them on certain topics they damn you to hell more or less and i find that to be very closed minded esp. if you tell them you are from the northeast or west coast. I had on my Boston Red Sox hat in Knoxville and was told by some ppl to: Go back home Yankee Boy.... whatever. The person below seems to think otherwise and that's fine, it's your state so you love it but don't jump on someone else just because they see otherwise. TN OVERALL is ranked 5th most overweight state, i've been in Knoxville and Memphis and Knoxville has many overweight ppl too, never seen so many fast food places in one city in my life which explains the problem, fat people are a problem everywhere in this country but having so many fast food places explains the overweight ppl, i would assume the average Knoxville person doesn't eat at all those fancy restaraunts, when i was there, fast food places were jam packed with the locals. TN does have a extremely high divorce rate and lots of single moms that drain your public resources. Don't people understand that tying the knot is an important step in life not to be taken lightly? In TN, it seems they don't care as much, how do you explain the high divorce rate compared to other states in the north and west then?!? The Northeast states have the LOWEST divorce rates in the country because they understand that being married is not a thing to step into lightly, i'm not being mean, just stating a fact. I'm sure TN has it's charms but to me, i just didn' find the state all that exciting aside from Nashville which does have lots to do but Knoxville.....give me a break, that city is so boring it ain't even funny, downtown has nothing going on after dark. Anyway, to each their own, just thought i'd add my 2 cents.