At the risk of sounding like Pollyanna, I really do think that all the states have great things and not-so-great things about them. What those things are depend on the individual you are talking to at the time. From my experience, the really great things about a particular place don't always hit you in the face - like a gorgeous mountain or magnificent lake or a city full of exciting things to do. Sometimes, they are things that take more time and maturity to appreciate. They may be things that you take for granted in the same way you might feel - but not always notice- the love of your parents or the wisdom of your grandparents. And, if you always had these things, you may never actually realize their full worth until you have to do without them. Indiana, like my grandparents house, is not an exciting or fancy place. It is instead a comfortable, solid place, where good and hardworking people have quietly made their living on the land and in industry and business for a very long time. As is the nationwide trend, our farmland is slowly eroding into housing developments, but it can still be seen for miles and miles outside the cities and towns. The landscape to the north is flat, the earth still black and rich. The southern half of the state lacks the industry of the north, but boasts gently rolling hills dotted with a huge variety of trees that make up the sweet-smelling and inviting woods. Winters can seem bleak and ugly, but springtime always brings us the dogwood, redbud, crocus and robins to announce the growing season. Delicious morel mushrooms pop up their heads and are quickly claimed by enthusiastic gatherers. Summers are humid and green, lightening bugs dance through yards and fields and locusts sing their high-pitched songs. In the fall, the air is crisp and invigorating and the trees blaze gold, yellow, red, and orange. And though Indianapolis is not New York or Chicago, we do have a nice selection of museums, theatres, malls, antique shops, racetracks and sporting events. Hollywood does not visit often, but, when it does drop by, it leaves with memorable films like Hoosiers and Breaking Away . Our history includes people and points we are proud of (Dean, Letterman, Vonnegut, Notre Dame, the Indy 500) and those we would rather forget (Manson, Jones, the KKK, Public Education Issues). All that combines to be well, possibly not so different from so many other places, but still unique and special to those who have come to appreciate it and to call it home. 