My wife and I decided to take a day trip to Cincy. It was our first official visit even though we have passed the city on numerous times on our road trips. We were so excited to come to Cincy based on their Visitor's Guide and things to do, sounds like a great city to visit. We were quite disappointed with Downtown, kind of a run down area. It seems to be neglected. We have been to hundreds of America's cities, Downtown Cincy probably ranks lower middle ratings of all cities we have visited (New England, New York, Mid Atlantic, Southeast, Midwest, Southwest, California, and Northwest plus Alaska). Cincy needs to upgrade Fountain Square to it's grand old form. We decided to drive around Cincy and Over the Rhine area was pretty scary to look at... boarded up buildings, broken windows, gangs, run down places. We had high anticipation for Mt. Adams, but was disappointed when we only saw 1 true shop. We kind of expect a main street with shops, guess it was overrated in brochures. Though, Cincy has great choices of restaurants... that is credit to be given. If they can somehow improve Downtown, make it hippiest then it will grow better. Cincy is the worst city with potholes, WOW, it was amazing to see how we were in for a roller coaster ride hitting all these potholes. It was really terrible, the city needs to really focus on this as a part of quality of life. We did enjoy Newport on the Levee, it is a cute area and wished it had more shops... but definitely an investment to work on to make it better. The ballpark and stadium looks pretty though I have never been to a Reds or Bengals game, but I would like to do so. Comparing Cincy to nearby cities... Indianapolis, Louisville, Lexington, Columbus, and Nashville... Cincy is probably near the bottom. The reason I said that is because of quality of life being presented (potholes, run down areas, etc.) You don't want run down areas near tourist attractions, that needs to be improved. I can see where Downtown Cincy can be a hot spot if it was being focused and spruced up. Newport on Levee needs to expand and take advantage of being the hottest spot on the other side of the river. If Cincy can somehow blend flavors from nearby cities mentioned above, I think Cincy can come back from a long way. Use the downtown setting of Indianapolis, restaurant selection and shops of the Highlands in Louisville, nightlife district of Nashville and upgrade Mt. Adams like Broad Ripple in Indy or the Highlands in Lou... You can see that Cincy has potential but has a long way to go. Looking forward to a much improved Cincy in the future. 