Funny place Pennsylvania-funny comments from folks who haven't travelled much or lived too far from home to make the most exasperating generalizations I've seen in awhile. I'm older, 55, I've lived, worked, visited a lot of places and Pennsylvania has more to offer than many. [For reference Ohio 25 years, Pennsyvlania 22, Colorado 4, West Virginia 1, Indiana 2.5, Washington DC 2.5, Michigan 1, New Jersey/New York City 3---it doesn't quite add up because I double count the college/graduate school years where I had dual residency. I've been around the world a few times to places like Tokyo, Bangkok, Cairo, Bombay, Athens, Rome, Venice, Amsterdam, London to name of few of the cities--point is, I've seen more than the ash pits of Jersey.] Pennsylvania, like EVERY state and every place has its share of bigots and close-minded folks, but it is also the birthplace of this nation, it's loaded with history, tolerance, and survival. But you have to have an interest in that sort of thing to realize how dramatic that is in this state. Where most locations have long ago bull-dozed down older homes in some sort of urban renewal process, Pennsylvanians tend to fix them up and preserve them; go inside and in most you'll find the latest gadgets, electronics, and access to satellite tv and radio. Houses might look funny because they've had to survive floods and mine collapse, and extremes in weather. Its geography is extraordinary with full-rich seasons and a reason to always look forward to tomorrow, because just maybe it might get better. It has scars from its past, certainly, but it also boasts a wonderful richness in its heritage with clusters of communities where folks actually know the difference between a Latvian, Czech, Bulgarian, Hungarian, Slovak and a Pole. And in Pennsylvania they also know what it means to be an American. It has a history connected to coal, railroads, barbed wire, the American Indian, the American Revolution, the Civil War, and unfortunately is also home to more military casualties than any other state. There is not a state to match it for color and geographic beauty. The mountains here are green during the summer, a rich tapestry of color in the fall (not like the sameness of Vermont's Maples) and glorious deep snowfalls and blue skies in the winter. In the Springtime the hills are alive with color from the wild mountain laurel to dogwoods and dandilions. You want great food? Visit any western or central Pennsylvania church festival and you'll get the real thing, not some hoity toity new age, no cal, lite, mixed greens....no here in Pennsylvania you get halushki, and perogi, and haupki and kielbassi and you'll know you've had a meal when your done eating. You want to really work out? Get out of that health club and take a hike in the mountains, go trout fishing, skiing, white water rafting, or mountain and trail biking. You want to hunt or trap? We've got bear, deer, o'possum, fox, duck, pheasant, squirrel, raccoon, fisher, otters, and did I say bear? Yes and we have fresh water lakes and fresh water rivers and they have fish, plenty of fish. Sure we've got pollution; we're cleaning it up---remember we've got an extra two hundred years of industrial pollution, we were educating our women, healing our sick, and building a nation while most of the other states provided a vast road way to another place. So don't bash Pennsylvania, come here, look beyond the two major cities Philadelphia and Pittsburgh and see America---it's all here the good, the bad, the ugly, and the really beautiful...stop in and visit us, we'll leave the light on for ya!....