I have lived in Fl, for 7 years, Pa, for 3, Oh for 2 and born in WV ,lived therefor 30 years. My son, dautheer in-law and grandson still live there. My son and daughter in-law are attending collage. They both work full time are buying there own home and and car. They are doing very well and I am very proud of them I left WV after my daughter had died form a longtime illness and I was very beside myself with saddness. One week ago I put my home here on the market to move back to WV. I came upon this site and as I was reading my heart filled with saddness because of all the remarks that so many people made about my home state. I have many fond memories growing up there as a child, and even more with raising my own children there. Maybe all this would seem backwoods, hillbilly, inbreed to a lot of people but I know this when my son was six our home caught on fire, and being a single mother I didn't have enough insurance to rebuild our home that I worked and paid for myself, I should add, all the neighbors and business in the area piched in and helped rebuild our home. My children could go to play outside and I didn't have to worry about some sick person stealing them or worse killing them, we don't have drug dealers on every corner, and My children and I spent a lot of time fishing, rafting, boating, camping, having cookouts among many other fun and wonderful things we did. A few weeks ago a 17 and 23 year old kidnapped, raped, and murdered a 17 year old girl here after all that they burned her body and stuck her in a freezer. Now this happened in a small town in FL. That sort of thing rarely happens in the small towns in WV. So maybe we all are hillbillies, maybe we are not all making loads of money, and maybe we talk funny, but when I went to bed at night I didn't have to worried if someone was going to seek in my childrens bedroom window and rape them or worse. My children have never used drugs, don't smoke or drink, my son doesn't feel he has to pound on his wife to make hisself feel like a man. My son doesn't judge a book by the cover, he reads it first, and yes he can read. Yes mabe we are a little behind the times, but from where I'm standing maybe thats not such a thing. I know my grandson will grown up in a loving, happy, drugfee home. I know that when he grows up I will be proud of him as I am of my son. So to all you people out there who think that WV rates sso low you just keep on thinking that because to be honest we really don't want your kind there anyways! 