If you like cold weather 3/5 of the year, this is a great place to be. The people are very uptight in the Southeast area and the majority of the state, stressful job market (very high unemployment), and very competitive people. Business is very cutthroat. The women are very standoffish, cliquey, and uptight. If you aren't in the "inner circle" and you greet people, they will say "Do I know you?" There are a lot of "busy" women here that have twenty excuses not to "hang out" because they have to do their nails on monday, wash on tuesday, homework on wednesday, etc. you get the point. Married women control all the households in this state. This state is full of wallet-sniffing women that will give you the go-around instead of just telling you "i'm not interested." And if they do want to hang out, have fun trying to find something to do. People spend a lot of time ripping on other people and talking behind people's back. It's full of racism and segregated. The Western part of the state is probably the best part of the state as the people are much friendlier than the Southeast. The water is very polluted. Mackinaw Island has nothing up there, and the only form of entertainment is a casino. A lot of waterfront, but no decent beaches. There's no sunshine here from December to March and it shows as people are very angry, edgy, and depressing to be around. The state is good for hunters and fishermen and snowmobiling. Lots of motorboats, but very little use because of the horrible weather. Most boats are used on few weekends within 3 months of the year, and the rest of the year they sit in people's driveways covered up. They have Henry Ford Museum, Frankenmuth for chicken dinners, East Lansing for huge house parties, and that's about it. If you are young, East Lansing and Ann Arbor are fun huge houseparty and bar cities when the schoolyear is on and you are between the ages of 18 and 24. If you like sitting around a bon-fire, you can throw one of those in the summer. Overall, there's probably about a good 5-days of entertainment here. The rest of the time you will be freezing and looking for something to do. 