The worst of the worst catastrophies in my entire life. Nearly spoiled my entire summer. Did not even make one day either. When I was riding the subway, I noticed a group of locals sitting in the seats across the aisle from me. I smiled and waived at them and they got up and left the train car, only to return with 3 transit security officers who told me to "get off the train or you will be arrested!" i told the cops that i was only trying to be nice, but they said; "Off the train! NOW!!!" So I walked off the train, hurt and heartbroken and to make matters worse, anytime I was bumped by someone, that person just shoved me aside and nobody took any action against it. Later on, I was in Central Park and went to ask a couple of ladies about the tours to the Statue of Liberty. Instead of helping me out and giving me info about the tours, they got up and called the police on me. I went to ask another small group of locals and one of the guys just pushed me violently away and his girlfriend called the police on me. I was arrested on site and tried to explain that I was trying to get some information about the tours of the Statue of Liberty, but even the police were cruel and I ended up spending a month in the County Jail. Had to go in front of a judge. The people I tried to ask about the statue tours were there, having filed "harassment charges" on me. Even though I explained the truth to the judge, I was put on a restraining order. I said; "I've had it with this hell hole city you call New York!! I'm getting outta here!!" So I booked a flight to Tampa. but still had more issues. Security was rough, a group of people on my flight got up and complained to security that I was "freaking them out" and nearly got me arrested again. So, I said to myself; "I'm sitting alone! I've had it with this cruel hospitality!" So I sat alone in the terminal and on the plane, not wanting to cause any more trouble and when we landed at Tampa International, I just simply went straight to baggage claim, picked up my bag and was out the door, pronto. And I was jumping for joy to be in a new city, where locals said "hi" to me and treated me like their brother. New York city is classified as follows; Terrible, horrible, no good, very bad city!!! Nobody is friendly at all. So rude are people there in fact, that if you just simply say "hello" to someone, that person will not just ignore you; that person will take action against you. As far as I know, there are many people that tried to be nice to someone and got thrown in jail for it. There may even be people that are in prison too, just because they tried to strike up a friendly conversation with someone. And do not think that Natalie Portman (or should I call her Natalie Hershlag because Portman is an alias she took when she began her career as a movie actress) will be your friend either; in fact, if you try to be friends with her, you'd end up striking up the Mother of All Police Reports! And do not EVER think that the September 11th terrorist attacks and the loss of the World Trade Center along with over 3000 people made New Yorkers any nicer, in fact, from what I was told, it made New Yorkers worse!!! In fact, I would not be surprised to hear that there are 5 to 10 times (maybe more) as many people in jail that tried to be nice and strike up a conversation these days then there were before September 11th. Nobody is friendly until at least 150 to 200 miles away from New York City, and friendly society does not begin until around 400 miles from downtown Manhattan. (yes, that includes the surrounding states of Connecticut and New Jersey.) So, if you are going on vacation for any reason, please do me a favor and stay away from New York City; in fact, stay away from the Tri-State area (includes all of the southeast quarter of New York State, and all of the following other areas; Long Island, New Jersey, and Connecticut.) because nobody is friendly; in fact, they'd call the police on you just for saying "hi" to them. Perhaps you should go to...perhaps San Francisco, or maybe Tampa, Orlando, San Diego, or even Denver, but please, stay away from New York City if you do not wish to be arrested and tossed in jail for trying to be nice to someone. 