I love this city. However I have so many mixed feelings about it I don't know where to begin. Lets start with it's setting. It is by far the most spectacular setting for a major city I've seen anywhere. Mountain ranges are on both sides of the city which make for beautiful surises and sunsets. Mt. Rainier sits like a centerpiece with it's glacier covered flanks dominating the southern horizon. There is lots of scenic waterfront and is a boaters heaven and if you don't have a boat a ferry ride is a cheap thrill and nice way to get out on the water. Seattle is a beautiful city with lots of hills, plentiful trees, magnificent views and a gorgeous skyline. I can't say everything is rosy here though. The city seems to be lacking in archetecture and they build with too much concrete here. As for the weather it aint as bad as you may have heard. It's temperate never too hot or cold and it doesn't accumulate as much rain as most cities back east. It's those endless strings of overcast days that can get on your nerves. My complaint about the weather here is it's downright boring!!! This is the last metropolitan area left that still hasn't figured out to how build mass transit. They say a light rail and monorail is coming but I'll believe it when I see it. Even Portland has light rail for god's sake and they're 1/2 the size of Seattle. Politics here are weird but that being said the poeple here are too. People in Seattle appear friendly if your a visitor but don't be mistaken, Seattle is a polite city not a friendly one and quite often they can be very passive agressive. They dress like slobs here and there is too much counter culturalism. Remember grunge from way back in the day? It still exists here, very strange but maybe being isolated up in the northwest does that. Seattle has a really bad homeless problem and in some neighborhoods it's hard to walk 1 block without being hit by panhandlers many of which are kids on the street. I can't knock all the people here as I'm trying to be fair. Seattle is a welcoming place and people here generally are tollerant and don't make judgements. People in general get along here. It is becoming a prosperous area and real estate here is certainly reflecting that, luckily though rent here is still reasonable. If you love coffee then this is heaven on earth (and I don't mean Starbucks). There are coffee hangouts all over town each with a little atmosphere of their own. The food here is ok, a little on the overpriced side but if you like Thai food this is your city. For some reason there are so many Thai restaurants scattered all over town (I suggest Thai Toms in the U-district - awesome food). Speaking of food the best thing about downtown Seattle is Pike Market. I've travelled all over and I've never seen a city market as good as this one. There is a huge selection a fresh seafood, flowers, art, good produce and atmosphere to boot. Seattle is a great place to visit and live. Seattle does have it's misgivings like any place but I think it ranks among the best in the USA. 