I find it laughable that some of the idiot posters on this page downgrade Quebec City because of its cold climate in Winter (duh: It's Canada, pinhead) and the preponderance of French, which takes away from its North Americanism. Well, that's like saying, Stay out of Alaska in Winter if you don't like the cold. What are these people using for brains? Even more idiotic are the anti-French slurs: as Quebec City is the capital of a French speaking Canadian province that is 90% francophone, what did you expect the people to speak, Swedish? Wouldn't it be just as ridiculous to say that the problem with Washington, D.C. is that there's too many English speaking people there? Don't these shovelheads realize that people have been speaking French in Quebec (and in other Canadian provinces, and also in towns and villages in Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine) for hundreds of years? How does speaking French take away from North Americanism, whatever that term is supposed to mean? As French has been spoken here since around 1608, the continuance of that language actually adds to, and enhances, that mysterious concept of North Americanism. Furthermore, as Mexico is in North America, does the speaking of Spanish in Mexico City take away from the North Americanism there? Honestly, these people are retards!!! The truth of the matter is Quebec City is a charming and lovely place. The Old Town is the only walled habitation in Canada and U.S. and boasts the largest concentration of 17th and 18th century structures in North America. The architecture is impressive as is the engineering necessary for the Old Town to be functional. There are very, very fine restaurants there and a decent nightlife. It's safe, clean and affordable. It's best to go there in the off season so you don't have to contend with a**hole slob American tourists. This appears to be a very nice place to live, and I daresay if you raised children there they would be less likely to turn out to be mutants and/or losers than their American counterparts.