Vancouver. I've lived here for two years. The city has a lot going for it. Mild climate, beautiful location, being a city in Canada means it is quite liberal. However civic politics are laughable to the extreme, and are a real detriment to the city. There is little if any desire on the part of city council to be in the least bit business friendly. The transportation system is nearly non-existent. We have one light rail line (with a disused spur line) and no decent roads to speak of. Vancouver is a very small city, however it has massive urban sprawl, with little more character than the blight of suburbia that plagues the rest of North America. Vancouver has very little soul, and any cultural events that do take place often fail, or are poorly attended. The downtown core is quite impressive. It is almost entirely condominiums (no business remember). This gives it a feel rarely found in North America, some real street life. However the homelessness in this city is appalling. Rarely in the western world do you see so many people begging and selling drugs openly. It is a very interesting dichotomy, expensive real estate, side by side with heroine junkies.The result is things like this quote from The Vancouver Board of Trade: Greater Vancouver faces a higher property crime rate than any city in North America except Greater Miami It is hard to know how the real estate boom will last here, as it is almost entirely artificial. Retirees from the rest of Canada, and people from Asia hoping to get a toehold here buy all the property. The economy is almost entirely driven by construction, logging, and the harbour. And of course the 6 to 12 billion a year underground economy of grow operations (marijuana growing). Vancouver could have a lot going for it if the people here were friendlier, and lightened up on the fairly extreme left wing politics. Until then it will probably remain a sleepy second-rate city. All the potential is there, wise up Vancouver. 2005: The Vancouver Board of trade has a new report out. Vancouver has the highest property crime rates in Canada. Vancouver also has the dubious distinction of having the second highest number of criminal code convictions per capita in Canada. Way to go Vancouver. 