I’m tired of reading all these crybabies rip on Southeastern Michigan. I live in Sterling Heights, and I’ve been allover the country on business trips, I am 27 years old, and this is one of the better places in the country to live. It’s green, it has four seasons, and there’s a lot of opportunities here. Of course it’s an “uptight” town as you call it –- we are Metro Detroit, a blue-collar working town where people get things done and get to the point. When I’m buying groceries, I don’t want to hear somebody’s life story. I just want to get my stuff and get out of there. Yeah, we are a straight to the point town and that’s what makes it great. And you people that cry about not getting any women are pathetic. The reason you can’t get any girls is because you have no game. If you want to find a dumb blond hillbilly that will do all your dishes and tell you how great you are, you aren’t going to find that here I’m sorry, you’ll have to go to Mississippi or Louisiana for that one. But if you want a girl that’s goal-oriented and strives to get somewhere in her life besides raising two kids in a trailor or small apartment, then you’ve come to the right state. We are under a lot of stress in Metro Detroit because we are busy trying to get somewhere and aren’t a bunch of people that are content with making 30 grand our whole lives. If you want that slow, retarded, or “laid-back” attitude as you call it, you aren’t going to find that here. If you want to sit in traffic jams, wait 20 minutes in line at the gas station, be a broke surfer bum that has no money, live in a one-bedroom apartment you’re whole life, and listen to a bunch of plastic fake attitudes say “Right on dude”, then go to California. If you want a hillbilly wife that wants to pop out 5 kids and live off 25 grand, then go to the South. If you want to be around real, goal-oriented people who aren’t looking to be actors or be on Jerry Springer, then come to Southeastern Michigan. Yes, we’ve got a high unemployment rate, but if you have your education you shouldn’t have a problem finding a job. Our jobs are also very good paying and most of them start around 35 to 40 grand. One of my friends from U of M just got his business degree and started at 43 grand working for a GM based company in Detroit. If you like to make lots of money, buy things, and go to sports games, you’re in the right place. We have the 2004 world champion Detroit Pistons, who are the best basketball team next to the Spurs, who play at The Palace. We have boating and swimming at Metro Beach in the summer. There are lots of high-scale classy bars to meet classy people at from 14 to 20 mile rd. Pontiac has tons of clubs like Tiki Bobs (who has a huge party every college night on Tuesday and Friday), Clutch Cargo, and tons of bars along “The Loop.” We have Windsor right across Detroit, which has tons of party spots. We have Sarnia right across from Port Huron which has tons of bars and clubs (but Windsor has way more). We have Port Huron’s “Boat Night” which is at the end of the summer. There’s “Cruise Night” down Woodward where you look at the classic cars. There’s the University of Michigan and Michigan State University for big house parties and fraternity parties. East Lansing has tons of bars downtown loaded with beautiful women. I’ve been out there 10 times or so. I’ve been to Western Michigan and Spring Lake has a spectacular view and it has a huge festival on the 3rd week of August every year. We have lots of people that take ski trips with their friends in the winter. And, we have the casinos in Detroit and Windsor. To conclude, there are tons of things to do here. You people that talk down on Southeastern Michigan are probably losers who can’t get any women and have no money. Here’s a little tip: If you sit around and cry all day you’re not going to get anywhere but if you stick you’re chest out, get a real job, and start socializing a little bit, you shouldn’t have any problem -- there are tons of single women here. This is a working town, with a working attitude. In California or New York, you will never make enough to own anything. In Florida, there are no Fortune 500 companies and you will make little or nothing your net value and sit with a bunch of hillbillies and retirees in a small house. But if you want to own a nice new house, new cars, and have a boat, then this is a great place for you. If you want to go play in the sun and stick your head in the sand and be a loser with no money you’re whole life, then go somewhere else – nobody is forcing you to be here. Love it or leave it. I happen to love it.