Being a Massachusetts resident since a very young age, I guess I'm qualified to describe and rate it. While California is my first love, I do love the outright natural beauty of the Berkshires (where I live) and Boston is one heck of a beautiful city! I must warn anyone interested in moving here that while it is beautiful, the Berkshire towns are about as small-town as it gets. I mean, yeah, there's a mall in Lanesborough, and there are supermarkets in most towns, but the mentality of the residents is very 'small-town'. I've lived in both Adams and Williamstown. Wmstn, famous for Williams college is very beautiful, and a touch more upper class than anywhere else in the state. (Christopher Reeve even has a house on Oblong Rd. which is only the most beautiful place on the planet! And I know this from living there briefly!) But Adams (about 20 minutes away from wmstn.) is struggling a bit more financially. I must say, that the hometown pride can ring true in my heart for the years spent living in Adams (songs like My Hometown and Born in a Small Town can really accentuate that feeling). The Adams Little league baseball team is a beautiful small-town example, and living in the shadow of Mount Greylock, with the Greylock Glen a 5 minute drive up past the library gives you a sense of small town pride, too. It's kind of hard to descibe, but a mix of pride and longing to escape encompassed my family while living in small-town Massachusetts. I could understand it best when my mom would crank Bruce Springsteen's Badlands while driving past the dying factories. But then, when she pulled me to the window one night to look at the town lights, telling me that this was my hometown, I felt the same love for it that I felt when everything was all right in my life, the days when we'd just drive through North Adams as though it were Thunder Road , drive through, looking at the beautiful Christmas displays that are so common in Massachusetts, driving to get away, and also to enjoy what we have. I guess what it comes down to is this: I have many many fond memories of MA, (and I can never hear Neil Young's unplugged album again without thinking of williamstown's back roads), but at the same time, it's not for everyone. If you really embrace the small town life, and want a unique experience that is at the same time run of the mill, but situated in a beautiful landscape with breathtaking buildings, you'll love the Berkshires.