Well it seems obvious to me that most people who reviewed SC have not spent much time here really. Most peop[le here want to bash SC because they are uneducated. To say We won the war is a statement I used to say when I used to think the cops down in the south would pull me over for having Jersey plates. Please go beyond your ignorance for one moment. I grew up in the Northeast and moved here to Charleston. I have travelled all over SC as well as much of the US. The guy from NC made me laugh, he speaks of trailers...so what jerk? I grew up around people with mansions and they were pompous and no one knew each other exceot through upturned noses. Down here people say hello and speak to each other. I am uncertain about your statistic but NC has lots of poor people too fool. But so what? I see NC plates and people from Charlotte come down to Folly and Charleston to spend every weekend. What's up with that? Charleston was votes most friendly city for the 4th year in a rown now. Also, out in central SC you see land...yup land. Unlike a growing number of Northeast cities where it takes me hours to get to any nature. Most people know I-95 and those are the comments you see here. I know the type, typical, judgemental people who classify everything by a little while somewhere. So anyway, the only thing I don't like about it here is some of the left turns. But it amazes me how many people think they know a place having spent a few hours or even a few days there. I commented on 2 states on this site, both of which I LIVED IN! Because you can really only KNOW a place when you live there and ONLY from your perspective. I don't like the mountains Mr. North Carolina, so where you live does not appeal to me. But that does not mean mountains suck. It just means they are not for me to live. Grow up people and stop judging a book by the cover you think you see. And yeah, the war is over, if you still see rednecks here you must be looking for something in it. I find people, and they have all been great to me.