I recently had the opportunty to spend 8 days traveling in Cuba on vacation, and it was absolutely amazing. If you believe the billboards that line almost every road and every square, the Cuban revolution has been a roaring success. Che Guevara's charismatic face stares at you from all sides, emblazoned with slogans like The Revolution is Ours, Cuba will never be defeated, and Cuba doesn't need your imperialism. However, a quick walk around the decaying beauty of Havana Vieja will show you how completely the economics of Castro have failed. Crumbled mansions line pot-holed streets, and Cubans line up for bread, milk, and other staples. Despite the crippling effect of Castro's policies and the US blockade on the average Cuban, the people there are still wonderful to hang out with. They seem to love Americans (though not our politicians), are extremely generous (I told a guy I met at a bar that I liked his baseball jersey and he took it off on the spot to give it to me), and for the most part, are smiling and happy. While there is definitely a feeling there that it is time for Castro to step aside, I did not sense the revolutionary tension that I have felt in other Latin American countries. From a tourist's perspective, Cuba has a tremendous array of things to offer. The music is fantastic, and I was able to see live music wherever I went. There are some wonderful colonial towns that are worth checking out such as Cienfuegos and Vinales (though I recommend that you stay away from Pinar del Rio), the beaches are predictably good, and the countryside is beautfiful, with mountains, and jungle, and farms, and lovely coastlines. If you are an American, make sure to bring lots of cash, as it is absolutely impossible to take out any cash or to use a credit card anywhere in the country. In terms of safety, of the more than 10 Latin American countries that I traveled in, I have not felt safer than I did in Cuba. There is so much to see and do in this amazing little country, and the experience is made that much richer by the bizarre socio-political context in which Cuba finds itself. Castro's Cuba will soon be extinct - if you are the adventurous type, jump on the next plane to Cancun, or Tijuana, or Mexico City, and buy a ticket for Havana - you won't be disappointed.