Hi everyone, I'm back after spending a month with family in Turkey. While I was there I got to spend some quality time in Istanbul away from the usual tourist attractions as my husband was giving a seminar at a private university there. The one thing that knocks a star off for me is the horrendous traffic in Istanbul. Granted you will get this in any large city, but combine that with agressive drivers and no concept of staying in one's own lane or stopping at a stop sign and you will see some bad accidents. I saw three while I was there. The tourist area (mainly Eminonou neighborhood near the Blue Mosque) is fairly nice but be prepared for agressive shop owners ready to rip you off with their overpriced souveniers. The blue Mosque, also called the SultanAhmet mosque and the Hagia Sophia are right next to each other and are a must see for first time visitors to Istanbul. Both are breathtakingly beautiful. The Grand Bazaar is fun too, but don't buy anything there as the prices are greatly inflated. We also drove through the banking district and saw the remains of the HSBC bank that was bombed months ago. It was nothing but a ruined building with a charred black crater in the middle of it. As a result of this, even small hotels have metal detectors and guards at the front entrances. The nice thing about Istanbul for foreigners is that most people can speak some English. Turkish is notoriously difficult to learn so this is a big plus. I could go on and on about Istanbul but it's best to see it for yourself. It really is the only city in the world that straddles two continents and two civilizations. It's so interesting to see a 600 year old mosque with traditionally dressed muslim men sitting by it and then see a disco with scantily clad women, lasers and techo music right across the street. But I guess that's what makes this such an amazing city. They say Rome is the eternal city, but it's got nothing on Istanbul. The history and culture of this place is unparalleled. It's impossible to get bored in Istanbul and every time I go, It's still a blow to the senses.