As a very American-loving mexican I think its my duty to tell you the truth about Mexico so you can consider it. About the U.s.: Most ignorant mexicans say that they dont like americans. The truth is they do, but most mexicans feel as it is their national duty to hate the U.s.. Nowadays are we the only country doing that? Well, I dont think so. I live in Madrid and here in Europe they hate americans way more. So thats not true. The world is full of morons who just hate the empire if you know what I mean, but they barely understand america. Its not a Mexican problem per se, its a global problem. About the migrantes, in Mexico its a sort of an embarrasment to not be able to control our border, and were not very proud of our government either. Now: is mexico the hell that some of my fellow reviewers describe? Not at all. The food is great once you are intelligent enough to skip street food and go to good restaurants. Were kind people and have very other names other than josé believe me. Yes its true that some of the poorer parts can be a little messy, but there is (forgive me for getting a little bit corny) beauty to be found everywhere. Talk with any mexican (the ones that look very poor, even) and youll see that they are kind-hearted. We, as one reviewer suggested, do not think of us as spanish only. We rarely like spanish people to tell you the truth. We acknowledge our indian heritage and love our beaches and our mayan and aztec ruins. About the mexicans chanting Osama Osama, well, thats unfortunate. But people, everywhere, are like sheep: what the sheperd does, the other do. Mexicans and americans should give each other a hand and start loving one another because hey, we will always be neighbours. Anybody who thinks México sucks should visit tamarindos or careyes. Go swimming one day in that ocean and youll find yourself completely changed. And take a look at our history, believe me, as the son of a mexican historian, i can tell you that it is pretty interesting. About specific places in Mexico take a look at my other reviews. Thanks for reading. Any comments please email me at senseikrau@hotmail.com. 