Texas is going downhill in a heartbeat, compared to other large competing states. I'm a native who likes to tell the truth, has been all over the US and keeps up with rankings of states and cities on various factors. For more than a century, Texans never cared about their surroundings, quality of life or providing true, humane treatment to fellow human beings, especially those from outside the South or those disagreeing with the state's culture of unstoppable man-made commercial/residential development and non-US born, foreign population growth, while praying in their multimillion dollar, porkbarrel churches (Texans thrive on Christianity--no Jews, Muslims or Athiest welcomed here) for divine intervention to keep this going. A Hedonistic lust for obtaining money and materialism, while letting in and tolerating all sorts of people, many with hopeless, bizarre personal problems and criminal records, looking for loot and continued immorality, while refusing to pay even a little, fair share of taxes--less than other most other Americans do, per capita-- to help improve the livelihood of their fellow common men, women and children. Texas unfortunately is still one of the very few places where the American flag stops flying by popular choice, as the beautiful Stars and Stripes is often brought down from a flag pole, and a tacky, beat-up, larger Texas flag, symbolizing we dont want to be part of America, is put up the pole to fly instead. Now, Texas is no longer on the radar screen for business relocations and job creations. Texans still hate protecting the environment, litter everywhere, continue their above average crime, school dropout rates, force women by law to have children against their will, beat up wives, and still behave towards strangers with a phony type of loudmouth, unsubstantive, braggadocio friendliness/hospitality to get one's attention so to backstab you, an act patriotic Californians, New Yorkers, Illinoiyans, Floridians or residents of the other 45 states thankfully do not have to deal with in their day-to-day encounters. The state is way over due for a monster killer hurricane like Florida's Andrew from 1992. When it comes, I predict thousands will be washed into the Gulf. The harsh reality is, that Texans just can't get enough of living like trash and dying like trash. Nuff said. 