I went to Washington for a few days in 1989 to visit a friend who was going to school there. I wasn't expecting to be impressed; indeed, I was bracing myself for a protracted, boring experience. Although the Amtrack ride down was awful (there wasn't a seat available and I had to sit on the floor and it was hot), I was pleasantly surprised by what I encountered in Washington. I had expected it to be staid, conservative, and bland (and a segment of it certainly was), but in truth, it's a city of amazing diversity and culture. For a start, there was a cornucopia of ethnic restaurants (an Arabic and Ethiopian restaurant were just 2 of the different ones that we ate in). The city had a wide variety of book stores, a definite attraction for a confirmed bibliophile like myself. There was an enchanting beauty and vitality to the neighborhoods that we visited (I took a childish delight in finding the place in elitist Georgetown where they filmed The Exorcist). There was the regal majesty of the Potomac River; the loveliness of the cherry blossoms and the surrounding Virginia countryside; the awe one can't help but feel (even a nihilistic cynic like myself) at being in the location where so much of our American history, both good and bad, was made, and is still being made. There are the monuments, the Holocaust museum (although that hadn't been built in 1989, if I remember right), the Ford Theatre and the former boarding house across the street where Lincoln died (they've preserved the pillow that was under his head and Lincoln's blood-stains are now a sort of dull, muddy brown; this was morbidly creepy but fascinating nonetheless), the hotel where Hinckley shot Reagan, and the old Southern cemetery where J. Edgar Hoover is buried right alongside his alleged lover Clyde Tolson. I don't want to give the impression that it was all great. I found the city somewhat confusing to get around in and would have gotten hopelessly lost if it hadn't been for my friend acting as my personal tour-guide. Also, there's a lot of poverty and crime, so you have to be careful and alert (although poverty and crime are societal ills that obviously are not intrinsic to Washington alone). For me, it went from being a city that I had absolutely no interest in at all to being a city that I'll always remember with warmth and affection (despite my reservations about a lot of the prostitutes who ply their trade there, and I'm not talking about the ladies of the night). I've been back there once or twice since, and would heartily recommend it to any tourist who has their sights set on visiting a place with a bit more substance than Atlantic City or Disney World can offer.