Caracas is an interesting city (with regard to the political situation: there is almost always something going on, like marches (at this point in time, there are posters with the word 'Fraude' plastered all over the city, replacing the 'Sí' and 'No' signs that referred to the referendum that just took place)). One of its best qualities is its natural beauty: it is one of the greenest cities I have ever seen! On its good days (those when a heavy smog doesn't hang over the city), the landscape of the Avila, a mountain range/national park, that runs alongside the city never fails to please the eyes. One of the most spectacular sights of the city can be seen from the top of the Avila, which overlooks the city on one side (it's a large city, so even from there you can't see the entirety of it), and the ocean and beach on the other (which is especially beautiful during sunset). There are many places to go in Caracas, for tourists and locals alike, though the traffic is misery (not to mention the drivers who have no respect whatsoever for right of pass and such). The city isn't at all like the layout of the typical city in the US. In this city you should expect to drive at least 20 minutes (not including traffic) if you want to get anywhere. Basics such as grocery stores aren't a problem when it comes to accessibility (but parking is a guaranteed hassle), but most likely the places you want to go to are in a different section of the city (it seems like everything is randomly and chaotically located). It is wise to take the metro, which is not only cheap and safe, but can take you all over the city rapidly. As for safety, unless youre wearing gold jewelry and a platinum watch, you shouldnt be concerned. Just keep an eye on your wallet/purse, and dress and accessorize modestly when you are going into a barrio. Its advisable to be cautious with your car (which you should be anywhere), especially in the more notorious sections of the city. For the most part, Caracas is a unique city that people should visit and not be deterred from by what the news may report, because theres no real danger. Its just a gorgeous lively city with many attractions to offer.