What is the deal with Canadians slamming America? How about you give us our culture back. That's right Canada has American culture. 37% of Canadians actually believe that Canada willbe annexed to the US one day, I find that pretty funny. We are run by Jews??!?!?!?! What the hell, there is no way to respond to that, what are you nazis? Jews make up less than 5% of the American population, and wow, just really can't comment on that because it is so far fetched, riduclous, and horrible. I didn't think anti-semitism was still aroud quite that strongly. And if you are implying that a lot of Jewish people are rich in the United states, you are right, so what, is there a problem with Jewish people being rich? Anyways, please, don't judge America based on George Bush, his apporval rating is only 35% and most of us are mad at him because he has made the rest of the world hate us. America is a great country, all of the anti-americans will never get it, so there is no reason to explain. Chances are all of you slamming us have relatives here, somebody that has come here because there is more opportunity so the joke is on you. America is a great country, and we know that, I don't believe that we should say the hell with the rest of the world like some retarded people do, because we need the rest of the world, it would be a big mistake for us to go get so self centered that we just didn't care about everyone else, because that isn't supposed to be what America is about. We shouldn't let it get to us as much, we know that we have it better than most people accross the glob. As for Jar-Jar. I have lost all respect for you. It makes sense that people in other countries hate America, because of their ignorance of what it is really like,but as an American, you need to take a hard look at the rest of the world and realize how good we have it here. Sure, there are plenty of countries that live just as good or better as us, but still we have it WAY better than the majority of people. In many countries, if you spoke like that, you'd almost surely be punished severely. Shame on you. You said on one of MY weblists that your family was a huge success. So stop whining. It sounds very cliche, but that is because it really is true, America is diverse in every single way imaginable, you have to see ALL of it, before you can judge the whole country and stereotype us.