Voted the world's best beach by the Sun Herald, Australia and Harper's, Boracay is the perfect island getaway, with its warm blue waters, powder-fine white sand, and a palm fringed 4-kilometer beach. The islands facilities and amenities make her a recreational haven. Watch February's Fun-board Cup, windsurfing's annual international event, or the World Beach Volleyball Tournament in September. Or take a refreshing swim in the crystal clear waters. The world-famous island of Boracay is located in Aklan province 345 kms. South of Manila. The island is accessible by air from Manila or Cebu through two principal gateways : Caticlan airport or Kalibo airport. After a swim in the sea, you can engage in relaxing activities. Comb the beaches on horseback. Play an exciting game of volleyball. Get on an outrigger and sail to the other side of the island. Swim over to the floating bar and cool off with a cocktail. Or hop around one beach to another and enjoy the easy-going atmosphere. After sunset, the island transforms into one exciting night of dancing and partying. But don't take our word for it, Boracay is an island you have to experience yourself. For many certified sun-worshippers the world over, paradise goes by the name Boracay. For indeed, many visitors have come back to Boracay year after ytear. Some have even chosen to live in this paradise island. Sheltered from the fierce easterly typhoons, Boracay can be found at the northwestern tip of Panay, in the western Visayas region, off the Sibuyan Sea. Boracay has managed to pack its thousand-hectare area with all the elements of a tropical paradise--crystal blue waters, powder white sand, liberal doses of tropical palms and flowering plants, and a healthy marine life underneath the seas. Boracay is made up of three little communities: Yapak in the north, Balabag in the middle, and Manoc-manoc in the south. Hilly elevations up to 100 meters above sea level characterize Yapak and Manoc-manoc. Intertwining trails link the small villages together but may sometimes lead to lush tropical jungles. Electricity and public transportation remain relatively scarce. Boracay would have remained a national secret if not for a few foreign travellers who accidentally stumbled upon the place. Some say it was a movie crew which spread word about Boracay to other sun-worshippers. Other swear it was German traveler Jens Peters' book, which included rare reviews about Boracay, that sent tourists on their way. Whichever tale is true, Boracay has become a melting pot for beach lovers. At any point in the island, visitors can hear English, German and French spoken fluently. More importantly, visitors respect the serene quality of the place, and pay tribute to native Boracaynons by behaving according to local behavioral codes-which means no nudity, no fighting, and no loud commotions. Not surprisingly, the culinary fare at Boracay is as diverse as the nationalities of its visitors. French, Australian, Belgian, German, Spanish and Thai--they're all here side by side the native cuisine. Lending ample support to this virtual rainbow of fruit shakes: from sweet yellow mango, green tart mango, to pineapple, coconut milk, cantaloupe and banana. Don't go home without a sip. 