Florida is my state; I am a true Florida Cracker. I was born in Miami and grew up there and in the Keys. My mother was from Maine and my father from Chicago. I spent many summers visiting between the beautiful state of Maine and the diverse city of Chicago. I have lived in Cocoa Beach, Amelia Island and I now reside on a small island community in the Gulf of Mexico. Years ago I used to think that I would like to live somewhere else, but I realized that I love this state with all of its good points and bad. I have gone swimming, fishing and diving in these waters for years and have only encountered a shark on a couple of occasions, usually I see a lot of barracuda eyeing me with bored curiosity. Yes, it is hot in the summer here, until today I have not had to run my air conditioning since mid October, and I used my heat maybe a total of 2 weeks collectively. Most days the temperature has been a mild 72 F. Yes, we have mosquitoes, Skin So Soft really does work to repel the buggers, with an added benefit of keeping my skin girlishly supple. I enjoy a fresh abundance of clams, oysters, scallops and shrimp, as well as all the fish I can catch. Inland, at the Farmers Market I buy produce that has been picked that day, mangos, watermelon, corn, strawberries, and big juicy tomatoes. The oleander, hibiscus and plumbago are in full bloom all around me, with jasmine perfuming the air at night. The neighborhood Giant White Heron with a gimpy leg lands on the railing of my balcony near dusk looking for a hand out. An osprey uses a 400-year-old oak tree in my yard during the winter months like a sentry scanning the horizon with his sharp eyes. Flat? We may not have towering mountains, however if you journey though the center of the state through Ocala and down to Lake Wales you will find gently rolling hills and think that you have crossed into another state. Ocala also is the winter training ground for several of the thoroughbred racehorses. Some of the farms there have grass as lush and blue as Kentuckys. I know it is not for everyone, I just had to throw my five bucks in for the defense of the state the Spanish called the land of flowers, mi estato, Florida.