I moved here in 1998 because I was sick of L.A. Well, it's been 5 years and I do think Cali is the better, if not best state in America. I like Atlanta's trees, but this city is badly underdeveloped. I'm stunned by how much land isn't used here. Atlanta is just a big town, not a true modern American city. Give 'em another 50 years - I think they're still recovering from Sherman's march. There are not enough museums or art galleries, and there are still streets named offensive things like Jim Crow and Plantation (search mapquest if you can - you'll find 'em), and historic sites are linked to ATL's deplorable past; Margaret Mitchell was just a schlock author - is a memorial of her the best a city can come up with? MLK's memorial (a death thanks to a racist), and a huge engraving of confederates in Stone Mtn? Are you people living in the 21st century? Amazing that so many blacks think this place is progressive. And this whole flag issue - why is there a debate? If anyone's offended enough to lobby against a state flag, then there must be something wrong with the flag! Why hang a flag of a losing army anyway? Plus, it contradicts the American flag! Everyone in the South claims to be so patriotic but they often aren't very deep about their convictions. Too many God-fearing people out here too (what exactly does that mean?). Search yahoo personals and you'll see what I mean. I do like the Dunwoody/Technology Park area the best, but too much of the good in the city is located North, which is predominantly white / upper-middle-class. Every other part of the city is undervalued. Some people have the southern accent, and it's real irritating to listen to, particularly where you work. The nightlife sucks - both Five Points and Buckhead. If you're young, single, not interested in religion, sports, or being southern, don't live here. Many people here are unhealthy (smoke / overweight). Generally, people are harmless and friendly, but they're often too nosy, don't smile much, and are too quick to try and peg you. You can't buy liquor on Sunday (like living in Salt Lake) yet there are more strip clubs and sex shops here than I ever saw in L.A., which suggests a lot of sexual frustration. The women are not as pretty as Florida, Texas, or Cali, but the ratio of women to men is high. To me, the women here are too passive, too conservative, and too old-fashioned. Ethnic integration here reminds me of the early 80s - other than some black/white dating, jews, africans, jamaicans, muslims, whites, blacks, indians, asians, etc. all seem to stick to their own. The BEST thing about ATL is that if you're a good student, your school is practically paid for w/ the HOPE scholarship. Also, gas is really cheap. Oh, and crime is really low - the criminals are not as insane as elsewhere and the homeless have been regulated (I have mixed feelings about that). The traffic here really does suck bad - the drivers are not too bright, and there are too many cars for lack of good city transportation (it's unforgiveable that so much of the city is not covered by train). Also, the city seems to have too many police too concerned with traffic - drive 50 miles and you'll see on average 10 cop cars. Seems a bit much. One last qualm: I've driven here for 5 years and there are still streets you can't find even on mapquest. And residents can't give directions based on addresses - it's always turn left at 3rd lite, look for billboard.. . There are at least 20 streets named Peachtree , and streets that morph into other streets with no sign or signal. That's just plain stupid. The weather is ok, but it's a little too hot in the summer and a little too cold in the winter. It reminds me of a humid New Mexico. You can tell a lot about someone from their car - you see a lot of Bush/Cheney bumper stickers (Republican city), those dumb fish logos (christians), and frat/sorority props on them, as well as flags and elementary school honor student stickers (soccer moms). So, if you're a troubled teen who needs a new start, ready to retire, ready to start a family, a hardcore Republican, or just need to avoid the real world, this city might offer you something. I'm leaving at the end of the year and giving 1 star just to prove that a resident CAN rate the city so low.