If you travel to America and even parts of Canada, there are many misconceptions about Toronto. Many mistakenly view Toronto as an average Mid-Western American city (This is always someone who has either never been to Toronto or simply had a short lay-over connecting flight). Others will say it is a 'mini-New York' which reflects a more thorough visit but still, a sort of superficial understanding. This will unfortunately lead some to misconcieve Toronto as a hostile place filled with thugs or wanna-be thugs. While this is probably not so true about New York either, I can tell you that thugged-out behavior is not a Toronto trait and probably will never be. Some of the resentment towards Toronto, by other Canadians, is probably becuase Torontonians can come off as a little 'arrogant', 'snobby' and 'high-and-mighty' sometimes or becuase it is too urban or ethnic for some people's tastes. First and foremost, Toronto is very multi-cultural. It is a very ethnically-rich city without much of the group-seperation and divisions that ruins many other similar cities of it's diversity. Despite what you might here about growing crime, Toronto may also be one of the safest metropolitan city in North America. Everyone knows that the crimes-rates in Toronto have been dropping for years. This has not changed. The crime-rate has fallen to all-time lows even this year (2005). Immigrants in Canada are often very educated, regardless of their ethnic origin. Toronto is not an average American city, but maybe percieved that way by those who have not fully experienced it. I love this city. I think it is the most under-rated place in the world. I have travelled a whole lot and I mean this. We have every walk of life here - french, swedish, russian, greek, portugese, brazilian, vietnamese, jamiacan, italian, egyptian, british, chinese, indian etc. I have traveled alot to all the so-called 'great cities of the world' and not to take anything away from some of these intriguing places, but Toronto often very easily measures up, when considering clubs, bars, theaters, restaurants, interesting neighborhoods, transportation, festivals, shops and people. If your still not convinced about Toronto, you will be - we are growing sooo fast.