I'm a 40 year old female who has been to Disneyland twice: once as a child, and the other time 3 years ago. Both times I thoroughly enjoyed, and remembered, everything. The best thing about Disneyland is that there are enough rides for everyone of any age. My 67 year old father and my pre-teen equally enjoyed the thrill-rides, except my Dad opted out of a 2nd time at the Indiana Jones exhibit because of all the hiking. There always seemed to be a comfortable spot to sit and rest nearby, then it was on to Star Wars for these two, again , and again and again. Those with weaker stomachs like myself, may want to avoid this one, but there are still lots of great rides to enjoy: just bring along the Gravol in case! My favorite land in Disneyland is New Orleans Square. With the dixieland jazz music and iron grillework you can really imagine that you've just stepped into New Orleans. In my opinion the best ride in all of Disneyland is The Pirates of the Carribean--Definately one not to miss! I also love The Haunted Mansion- even before I got inside. The mansion looked real and impressive from the outside, and again, very New Orleans. Inside, it's alot of fun and a little cheesy and old-fashioned but humorous. You shouldn't have to worry about frightened pre-schoolers in this one. There are many combination packages to Disneyland at very reasonable rates, including accomodations, and I strongly recommend a one week stay rather than a 3 or 4 day one. This allows for a less pressured schedule, because although fun and pleasureable, Disneyland can take alot out of people, especially children and older people, and you don't want the fun ruined by crankiness and sore feet. The biggest drawback to Disneyland is the line-ups for rides, so it pays to plan to go at non-peak days and times, and come up with some strategies. My best tips: !)Everyone should wear comfortable shoes-preferably athletic type shoes and cotton socks. 2)The food at Disneyland is, for the most part, mediocre but expensive- so if possible eat most of your meals outside the park and bring some snacks and water with you. 3) But don't bring alot of stuff with you. Not only is it cumbersome to have bulkybags or numerous items to carry like bag, jacket, camera, etc., but it is easy to lose or misplace things on rides etc,and some rides have no room for extra baggage. I have found the best thing is for each adult to have a small back pack with essentials: water, snacks, light jackets, moleskin bandages for feet that are getting tender and prone to blister, sunscreen, wallet inside, camera zipped in outer pocket, small appropriate toys or activities for children to keep occupied while waiting in line, and wet-wipes, facial tissue and any needed items like medication. Don't fill the packs too much at all, or it defeats the purpose. For wilder rides, hats can be zipped inside for safe-keeping. Another must-do ride for everyone is Peter Pan's Flight. A good place to rest, and cool-down but be entertained at the same time is the Country Bear Playhouse show in Critter Country. The Mark Twain paddleboat is also a nice way to cool down. A note for heavier people: both my father and myself were nearly 280 lbs. at the year of our trip, but had no trouble fitting into all the rides we went on. Don't miss It's a Small World, or the story book boats. Make sure you do allow time for rest at the hotel so everyone can have time just to wind down a bit. -Helps clashes of temper and cases of the grouchies! Remember, you're paying for your room too. Make sure to have coloring books etc. for kids in the room and books and toys, and books or magazines and cards for older kids and adults. I enjoy bringing along a toteable knitting or cross-stitch project which I love to do while watching a little TV during down times. Try to get a room with a mini fridge and microwave to save money on snacks and breakfasts, even some lunches. Milk, cereal, microwaveable popcorn, pop, juice, bottled water, fruit, cheese and crackers aren't alot of work to fix and you'll enjoy the convenience of having them in the room. If you are on a serious budget plan ahead and bring along a can-opener, cutlery, microwaveable dishesand containers, a small bottle filled with dishsoap, a dishcloth and towel and you can prepare simple meals- even dinners of canned foods like beans or pasta, with canned vegetables. Dont forget non-breakable cups for milk and juice and mugs for coffee and tea- or call and see if there are mugs in the room. All rooms should have glass glasses for adults. Enjoy Disneyland and please add your own tips here for others when you return! THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS TOO NEVER GO TO DISNEYLAND DURING SUMMER VACATION. Shroomwoman did and that's probably why her trip was such a nightmare . - Probably alot of others on this page complaining did too, or else at other peak times. The entire world knows about Disneyland- you must go in the off-season and even then come up with planned strategies for making the most of things. Please, think, plan and enjoy!!! 