Cleveland/NE Ohio sucks BEYOND SUCK itself! I've lived in different parts of the country, and have been here 10 years now, due to my wife's long established family business being here (we can't move; yes, I must love her a LOT, eh? LOL). There are so many negatives about NE Ohio, where do I begin? * The weather SUCKS bigtime. This is the most overcast/cloudy metro area in all of the U.S. You will NOT see the sun or sunlight between December and March, except for maybe a day or two if you are lucky. It's almost as if 'god' forgot this place! SAD (Seasonal Affective Disorder) and depression runs high around here. * The economy SUCKS bigtime. Those that are able to find good paying, quality jobs and utilize their College educations are indeed lucky. I've met way too many degreed individuals around here that work as servers, or at places like 'Target' or 'Wal-Mart'. Answer a typical vague 'Management Position' ad from the 'help wanted' ads in NE Ohio, and you'll end up interviewing for a night shift manager position at McDonalds or selling vacuums door to door. Cleveland was recently (about 2 years ago) rated as the POOREST American city, and still has a very high rate of it's citizens living in poverty. Even many of the suburbs' foodbanks and church help groups are strained to the limits providing food for 'those less fortunate'. * This place abounds with religious fanatics and white trash rednecks. In just a one year period, i've had so many knuckle-dragging yahoos scream 'buy American' as I idled my VW at a red light with the windows down, than I had in all my years living on the East Coast. In addition, maybe 'The Watchtower' should move from Brooklyn, NY to Cleveland, given the sheer number of Jehovah's Witnesses I have knocking at my door on a weekly basis! And you can't reason with them. The other day I went to 'Boston Market' for a chicken dinner, and the 50-something fat pig behind the counter goes to me 'Jesus loves you son... may I help you'?!!! This place is like a huge insane asylum, I tell you! Plus, so many denizens of NE Ohio seriously cannot speak proper English. They will say things like 'ruff' instead of 'roof', or 'rutt' instead of 'root', or 'kurr' instead of 'car', or 'warshing machine' instead of 'washing machine', etc. etc. Talk about raping the English language! * Moving right along, if you run a food store or supermarket, and want to pass along food past it's expiration date to consumers, NE Ohio is THE place to open your business! In my 10 years here, I have had to speak to supermarket managers countless times about food that is past its expiration date, and still sitting on the counters for sale. Last month alone, this happened 4 times, with past expired items like yogurt drinks, milk, and cream cheese being sold at places like 'Giant Eagle, 'Tops', and 'Trader Joes'. Unfrigginbelievable! I've NEVER had this problem when I lived elsewhere. * Let's talk about the traffic lights around here. I am convinced that the lights in NE Ohio are timed to frustrate you and purposely slow you down. In a typical suburban street around here, the light will turn green and as you start to accelerate, the next light coming up turns red almost immediately! Just which assclown is in charge of the traffic light timing around here? I am convinced that whoever it is, he must suffer from premature ejaculation AND A.D.D. combined! * Another sad commentary about how bored many around here must be is that 95% of people around here seem to be stuck on one subject in conversation. Mainly 'The Indians' or 'The Browns'. They have 2-track minds. Turn on the biggest 'News radio' station around here, WTAM on any given moment during the evening, and all they have are sports talk shows ad nauseum. They dissect and analyze every inane inconsequential fact and statistic pertaining to their pro teams, and do so for hours on end. So the next time you want to hear some good, world class news on the radio, and all you're able to hear is how many times the Cleveland Indians catcher picked his nose and scratched his ass in the year of our Lord, A.D. 1984, you'll desperately long for some real culture! I could go on and on and on, but I need to go out and walk my dog now. It's getting dark, and this is an opportune time to do so, as to avoid my ass-backwards redneck neighbors! LOL! To summarize, Cleveland does NOT 'rock', by any means. Cleveland SUCKS! 