Italy is unbeatable (although it has plenty of faults, as does every country, but its faults are far outweighed by its positive points). My comments are based on living a total of about nine years in Italy, at various times, the earliest being in 1947 and the most recent being in 1996. There's plenty to write about Italy (I'll try to use a format that I hope to follow in reviews of other countries I've been to as well. Sights, tourist attractions, and cultural attractions abound. Too many to list, but run the gamut from the Colosseum in Rome to the Blue Grotto in Capri. One reviewer mentioned that monuments in Italy are in ruins - but what magnificent ruins they are, linked to the history of Western civilization. Food: Arguably the best in the world; forms the basis of vaunted French cuisine (but the French won't say much about that). A really varied regional cuisine, with everything from fish to pasta to veal. Italian food in Italy bears little resemblance to the junk that passes as Italian food here in the US. Ice creams are the best I've ever tasted (except once in Budapest, but even that tasted like Italian ice cream). Wines are top-notch, much better than the swill that the French (who, incidentally, import Italian wine, add a percentage of crummy tasting French brew, thereby spoiling the Italian wine,then pass it off legally as French - it's a fact, but not readily admitted by the French). The people generally are friendly (more so in the south than in the north), are great hosts, and (despite stereotypes to the contrary), very industrious. I would not call the people who design, engineer, and build Ferraris and Lamborghinis backward. With respect to Axlrod2003's dopey remarks (the average Italian is more literate than he is), we should be glad that Italy sent as many immigrants to this country as it did, including Stallone's relatives. Prices: Generally too high, and getting higher all the time. Language: Most Italians in service industries speak English (American English, at that) tolerably well, at least in large cities. However, the Italians generally don't make learning English a priority, so it sometimes can be difficult to communicate if you don't speak Italian yourself. Try using French (the Italians aren't too proud to speak it; don't think the reverse is true). Hotels: Usually not up to US standards; air conditioning not very good, rooms are cavernous most of the time, beds not that comfortable, and usually plenty of outside noise. A comment on Shukhevych's comment re the Italian military: The Italian military was much amligned during and immediately after the war, but there are more and more books coming out that treat military performance in a more objective manner. Not the greatest military record in the world, to be sure, but then again (here comes my inevitable comparison to the French), who lasted longer during WW II, the Italians or the French, who cave in after about 6 weeks? That's about it for this review, except to say Viva l'Italia!