I have just returned back to Ireland from Eurodisney after spending 8 days with my 3 kids in Euro disney and stayed in the Explores Hotel in Euro Disney. First day we where advised to start at the back of the euro disney park and work our way forward to each area,this worked well on the friday but I found saturday was too crowded and too long queing.We did all the rides on the rollercoasters and found Thunder mountain brillant. The car stunt show is also very good. The steamboat was good and Disney studios was excellent. At first I thought it was expensive for what we saw.. but all is free as long as you are in the euro disney park. Outside in the Disney village it is a different reality and the restaurants are expensive and drinks and cokes are over priced as to say it is a rip off. We went to to the Wild west show and this was a major rip off as tickets cost the 5 of us 250 euros and the meal included consists of a slim leg of chicken 3 boiled potatoes and a spoon of veg and a tea or coffee..Euro Disney you will see all in 3 days max and as you go each day you discover it isnt as big as you first thought. Dont get me wrong it is good fun and not bad value at 580 euro for 3 days tickets. My advise to anyone going to eurodisney bring plenty money as the Hotels and restaurants are very expensive and the food isnt brillant French cuisine in the plantation Restaurant in the Explores Hotel where we stayed 7 nights and paid 2200 euros was aan isult as my 12 year old daughter who eats little was still hungry after we had lamb dish and starters for 5. After I complained to managment in the restaurant I got a explaination that I should understand French Cuisine * which means very little but it will cost you 158 euros and you will require a takeway in Mac Donalds later.Water 50cl at 4.50 euro and cokes at 6 euro left me feeling totally ripped off. In the Explores Hotel English Breakfast cost 6 euros if you dare to try and eat it. Our first breakfast the young waitress served us burned bacon which was torched and the sausages where tasting awful. My biggest crib was when you got up too late for the burned breakfast and then you had to wait until 12.00 noon for a pizza as the restaurant closed and the shop in the hotel only open early and for very short periods.. so dont think you are going to get a news paper to read as it wont be open after 11am. 12 euro to see a movie on your room tv was also a tip off. The Hotel maybe part of MYTRAVEL.. but there isnt any music in the bar at night.. so once you eat you are in the way as there isnt any thing on in this hotel. The shuttle bus to eurodisney from the hotels is a great idea. The shuttle bus to and from the airport is another 70 euro rip off for my group of 5 people as a taxi is as cheap and better at getting you there in time.My kids loved Euro disney and yes it is enjoyable but be prepared to be ripped off. Aer lingus from Cork over charge to Charles de gaule in Paris as in double what Ryan air charge from Dublin.In all with my group of 5 I had no change out of 6000 euro for the week and wasnt even close to value for money... this is my very honest view of the trip to Euro Disney I had 1st of July 2004.Kids will enjoy it.hotels have a lot to learn,and yes you will have great fun but at a big price.. and also low season is best to enjoy without too much crowds. 