Real mainland Americans...please take notice: We only make a living from your taxes because they are also ours. Sad but true we have American passports and rights. Thanks to the Spanish AMerican war of 1898. No one really asked us back then if we wanted to be taken over by the USA... Oh well, life is not fair. But if the tax thing bothers you all, tell your president to disinherit us. Like a pet, you take care of us, because we are unable to do it ourselves. You feed us and give us a roof because we are not very independent. Tsk, Tsk... We are messy babies that do not pick our trash up. We must be needing counseling. Is it possible then that we can change and improve??? Seriously now,I dont think that the 47% of Puerto Ricans really really would love to be a state. They are just a little afraid to end up like Haiti. It is a bit of a phenomenom that Caribbean Islands are just full of problems. We are aware of that and we think we need to love and be grateful that thanks to the USA we are not in a thirld world state. I am sure those tourist agree!!!! It is true that Americans have a bad opinion of us because we have a bad crime rate, trash, etc.. So maybe we are like the other islands, no wait we are worse off!!! We are the consequence and result of what happens when a beatutiful caribbean island is still the only colony out there. We are doomed to never be free and yet we are fortunate because thanks to the USA we dont have everyone dying of crime and poverty. Thank God we have those taxes, thank god german tourists never come here. Thank God we are almost like a state. Except for the crime rate and compulsive trash throwing. Still, thank god we are doing so much better than HAiTI!!!! God Bless our father country and let us hope the United States does not get sick of us. Where would we shop??? We dont want to end up like Cuba. Let us always hope that our superiors, the American tourists who come to enjoy our beaches and to judge our culture, will always give us good ratings. If you dont approve of us, tell your president. Ask him what is the point of economically mantaining a tropical sewer like Puerto Rico when Florida is so much better. Tell him you dont like us and that we are better off on our own. 