I own a house on the NC side, about 16 miles from the South Carolina border, so I'm well acquainted with the Palmetto State. It's a dump. The only thing the state's got going for it is Charleston (with some reservations) and the beaches. Charleston, once you get away from the touristy areas and the well-heeled neighborhoods (i.e., the Battery), is a typical third-rate Southern city with some areas that are downright menacing. Mrytle Beach, the Redneck Riveria, is a tawdry, cheezy, overdeveloped burg that tries to come across as a family-oriented resort, but is actually a haven for southern crackheads in the off-season. The hotels and motels (at like $17/night) are full of losers and hos on the stem from November to February. Columbia is a ho-hum university town that's about as compelling as waiting for a bus. Georgetown is a depressing wasteland that stinks. I've never been to the Greenville-Spartanburg area, but hear it's an unflushed toilet. South Carolina has a shabby, outmoded infrastructure that looks like it's something out of the 1950s. The state has the worst educational system in the country. There's a high crime rate for a state that's mostly rural, a high degree of spousal abuse and divorce and alcoholism. There's virtually no way to make a decent living in SC, because as a right to work state, there's low thresholds of salary, benefits and workplace safety. The Afro American folks there are decent, hardworking and friendly people, and so are the white women, but the white men in SC are truly less than zero: lazy, onery, ignorant, arrogant, poorly educated, parochial, boorish, ill-mannered, rascist, boring. When I asked Rafe or Kyle or Newt one time why I constantly see white men in SC out hunting or fishing or trying to fix a lawn mower out at the trailer park at 2 o'clock on a Wednesday afternoon, their response typically was, Workin's fer wimmen and nigg*rs. A considerable number of these so-called Good Ol' Boys are still fighting the war they lost 150 years, evidenced in their insistance on flying that crapsymbol of rascism, human degredation and wholesale treason, the Stars and Bars. That piece of emblematic toilet paper stands for the traditions, heritage and way of life those rednecks are so proud of. I still can't understand, however, how one could possibly be proud of traditions, heritage and a way of life that considered human beings as property, encouraged the Klan to take its nightly rides, allowed segregation, lynchings and other Jim Crow trappings to exist, and glorified those idiots who went off to be slaughtered in the 1860s for the sake of an unAmerican and inhumane value system. Finally, this state was represented in the U.S. Senate, supposedly, for over 40 years by Strom Ah Nevah Met a Sista Ah Didn't Like Thurmond, one of the most diseased bags of swine vomit ever to hold public office (which is really saying something): this speaks volumes about the retards and slackers who have made up the cracker population of this surface closet of a state for the past several decades.