Rome is incomparable. Comments based on many repeated (mostly brief) visits to Rome between 1947 (when I was a kid) and 1996. Although it suffers a lot from urban sprawl, the ancient heart of Rome is fantastic. Plenty of history, pretty much confined to a relatively small area the two farthest points being the Colosseum and the Vatican). It's hard to walk anywhere beteen those two points without walking through, over, under, or around something of interest such as the Trevi Fountain, the Roman forum, the Spanish Steps, Via Condotti, etc. Shopping can be expensive, depending on where you shop, but there are some bargains, such as silk ties (which you can find almost everywhere in Rome). Traffic is bad, the streets are raucous, and there are too many one-way streets. YUou're usually better off walking. The natives can be somewhat obnoxious and, like the Parisians, insufferable at times, although most sales, restuarant, and hotel people are OK, and tend to speak English pretty well. The food, as in most of Italy, simply is great (a couple of restaurants I'd recommend are Il Giardino, Trattoria alla Rampa and Otello alla Gran Guardia, but I don't know what prices are like these days. Coffee is great in Rome (don't drink cappuccino after about 10 AM; it's pretty much a breakfast drink for the natives). Ice creams are great almost anywhere in the city, and the array of flavors is mind-boggling (there's one place that used to serve Guinness Stout flavor!). Stick to white wines from Frascati and Orvieto; Romans don't do red very well. Hotels usually are OK, but again, don't expect them to be as comfortable as most US motels (in terms of heating and air conditioning, and especially in terms of street noise. Most hotels are right on the street, and Romans and most Italians just seem to go on making noise forever, like the Energizer bunny. I stayed at the Pensione Scalinata di Spagna once - charming place, but the room I had was directly above a restaurant whose waiters liked to sing a lot, and then around midnight, ended the performance with much clattering of dishes and silverware after they stopped sereving). Weather usually is pretty good - it doesn' usually get overly hot or overly cold, although it can get wet in the winter season. Rome is a must on any Italian travel itinereary, even if you have to put up with the Romans themselves.