Im sick of people giving screwed opinions about my country, I have never been prouder to be korean, If someone of these clueless idiots could realize what we have gone through and how strong we are now there would be pure amazement in their eyes. People think that Korea was always small , about the size of California, but that was not always the story behind it, Korea use to be a huge empire especially during the Goguryeo dynasty, our borders extended through almost half of china, but of course those people are not going to admit that is true although, but they just recently discovered an ancient tomb in northern China belonging to a Powerful Korean King during the Goguryeo dynasty,sooo....they have to admit it we were a POWERFUL nation. Many people know how Japan use to jerk us around but originally those people use to bow down to us, they were weaker and not as powerful then our Empire so they would often send us gifts, we actually called them our "little sister" country at one point in time. To instill peace between the two nations a Korean Princess Marrried a Japanese Prince, The Japanese Prince later Died and the Princess Thus became a Queen, SO if no one knew The Japanese Had a Korean Queen so that means they have korean blood, its a shame they had to be so savage when invading our country. koreans were credited to have the best silk in the entire world, Japan envied us for having such beautiful color in our Hanboks (Traditional Korean CLothing) And they envied our pottery work so much that when they invaded us they stole our pottery equipment to create their own. It pisses me off the way they get credit for so many things even tho in the end their country is basically taking ideas from other cultures and changing it just a bit. We survived a Civil War (Korean War), Japanese occupation, and Bankruptcy (In which we were one of the most Fastest nations to recover from it) and look how strong our economy is now. SAMSUNG AND LG electronics are #1 in the world, Japan has to pay royalties to us to use OUR ideas, unfortunalty the chinese knowing how they are ilegally take our products and create cheaper versions of it. If u ever watch the Olympics for a country half the cize of California we do pretty damn good. We for the past 20 years have always came in top10. And china with a country of over a billion people use to struggle making the top20,just look at the medal statistics on the Olympic Websites. We are strong people and our people are extrememly good looking. IN the Entertainment business we are OFICIALLY dominating in Asia. Japan and other industrialized Asian countries buy movies ahead of time from us without even wathcing it to begin with, proving how popular our actors are. The Korean Female SInger Boa has invaded the Asian music market as the Most Popular Asian femal artist to date. SO b4 u people jusge us so negatively look where we came from and all the crap we have had to deal with, so give us a little respect and back off. 