In 2002 I visited the US for the first time (im irish). I stayed for 7 weeks taking in various cities throughout the east coast from boston in the north to New orleans in the south. We travelled by train from new york to new orleans and happened to pass through Alabama and i was shocked at the poverty that i saw from the train window. It reminded me of my friends description of South africa - tiny shacks populated by black people and huge mansions populated by white. Alabama has had a nasty past and we all know the stories, which im not going to get into. But, on the other hand, the train journey down was 31 hours and out of boredom i began smoking cigarettes in the smoking carriage. In this carriage i met some of the most interesting, generous, pleasent and genuine people id met on my travels to the US. Most of the people were from Alabama and most were poor and black. An 80 year old lady said she'd love to take me to her sisters house in Birmingham where she'd put on the bbq and make some of her 'mighty fine potato salad' for me. I met two old black guys who said they were going back to Alabama for the first time since they returned home from Vietnam, one of them bought me a beer and they entertained us with stories and memories. They weren't stuck up like i found some New yorkers to be, they had no ego's they were just nice, genuine people. Good people. I also heard a story from English people i met in New Orleans. They drove in a cheap little car from new york and happened to break down in Birmingham, Alabama. Two young local guys, slightly rough looking offered to drive them to to the nearest garage to get some gas and a spare tire. When the guys veered off track a bit, the english got a little worried and expected the worst. But, these supposed 'redneck backwards southern hicks' as some naive people would call them, took them to a garage that a friend of theirs owned and he did the work on their car for half price! Now that is alabama. can you imagine that happening in a rough area of New York or any northern city. Doubtful.