L.A. stands for Lost Angles, Los A***holes, Lost Angels and iLlegAls (Mexicans who don't belong there and gangmembers). It is very overrated and whosoever advertises it as a great place is guilty of false advertisement. The positives: the weather is better than most places in the country (no snow!) and if you're rich, it can be heaven, all depending on where you live. Most of the sports teams are very competitive, even though a lot of the "fans" aren't real, they appear at Lakers games (and other sporting events televised) just to be SEEN - what a fake facade. The whole entire town is nothing but annoying bull***t. And now..... The negatives: alot of the people are fake, shallow and in crowd, so if you hated in-crowd people in high school, you WILL develop a special hatred for quite a few of these people eventually, the horrible traffic (you haven't experienced a REAL traffic jam until you've driven on an L.A. freeway during rush hour), smoggy air (only Houston, TX has more polluted air in the nation), all kinds of crazy, different characters to watch out for (especially in south-central, where most of the gangs are centrally located), drive-by shootings, hit-and-run accidents. Los Angeles overall is huge (700 square miles) and can be hard to get to know and very confusing at first; yes, you NEED a car out there, it's mandatory. Hollywood is dirty, grimy and crime ridden (also guilty of false advertising). A lot of the females (contact this e-mail address: kkelso@ocregister.com and ask her for guidance on how to get around this problem; do it with kid gloves and caution, she is cleverly evil) in this part of the country use their intelligence for bad purposes and are evil. BEWARE. DO NOT MAKE THE WRONG PERSON ANGRY AT YOU. You WILL regret it. In order to live confortably out in L.A., you will NEED to know something, know someone, have a college degree, have a special talent of some kind, anything that will keep you from having to struggle with bills and rent and working 60-70 hours a week to make ends meet. Because......if you don't, it can and will be hell. Listen to the Eagles album, "Hotel California" sometime. Listen to the lyrics and heed their's and my warning about this place. Think hard and carefully before going out to Los Angeles, CA. IF YOU DON'T BELONG THERE, DON'T GO! Be smart about it. I don't care how much you hate your hometown and home-state, consider the options, the pro and cons carefully (and again) and make the intelligent decision. Thank you and have a good day/night everyone. And someone please BEAT the Lakers (the Fakers); preferably Boston. Heh Heh.