billgarris and larrneuman, both totally right on the money. Maybe Michigan is especially materialistic and nasty. I can drive my Civic around all day and girls will not look my way on the road, but borrow someone's Audi, Beemer or even a nice Accord and the women will flag you down! I swear to god this really happens. It's scary. Then when one of them gets you, they will extort you into buying bigger and better houses. I live in a McMansion neighborhood, pretty nice, and two of my neighbors have moved from the same one-story house in my cul-de-sac to another bigger, better McMansion neighborhood with more expensive, bigger houses with golf courses! Another guy I knew had a nice one-story in one of those neighborhoods, got married, the fool, and has moved out of that one into a bigger one in the same development! Ann Arbor is totally awful, you can read my review as to why, or just Google "Ann Arbor" and "snotty". Ann Arbor is pretty mean and nasty on-campus, but the locals away from there are usually pretty nice and smart. The cliques are big here, they determine whether your kid gets playing time on teams, whether he'll have friends, whether people will want to hang out with you. You'll usually get the invitation into a clique if you move in a McMansion neighborhood, read, people want to hang out with you. Do the right thing and refuse, they're probably just looking to use you anyway. Finally, there are nice people here, you just have to look hard. They do exist. In many of the other areas of Michigan, you can pretty much identify people from stuck-up cliques if you live here long enough. They're not hard to avoid. As for some of the poorer people, the blue-collar types and factory workers, they vary. Some of them may be the best people you've ever talked to, others may be complete ignorant jerks who try to pull you down. Eminem is a good example of that sort of mentality, even though he's rich now. It's also relatively not as racist as Ohio and many southern states, which is good for me. I just wanted to add something, it seems like in Michigan, people don't know how to think. I think it comes from years of low-skilled jobs in the lumber and the auto factory industry. If you dare suggest anything complicated, intelligent and perfectly rational, people will take it as a declaration of war because they're not smart enough to understand. Or they'll say it's dumb to save face. Even many of the richer people in much of the state are honestly just trash who started their businesses with "shady money" or got lucky. Sadly, these idiots are entrenched here, and dragging down the area with their negative mentality. The people want to bring jobs back to the state, but don't seem to understand that improvements to the education system are necessary. If anyone could tell me of a better place in America to live, I'd love to hear, don't hesitate to private-message me. I promise I won't bring Michigan's bad habits there! 