UPDATE 11/17: Why is this state ranked #25? Yet there are no additional comments. It seriously needs to be back down to its #30 spot. I'm going to have to jump on board like everyone else and give this state a poor score. I've driven through the state quite a few times on the way to Fla. and spent some time in Atlanta and a few St. Patrick's Day festivals getting loaded in Savannah. There just doesn't seem to be very much variety in the state from north to south. Mostly a lot of flat land with pine trees, intermittent billboards, and red clay. A previous post mentioned witnessing numerous 500 lb. folks. I'm going to have to agree with that observation. On my last trip through the state fast food establishments lining I-75 were populated with these swamp creatures. I haven't visited Atlanta enough to go into detail about the city but I can say that it didn't impress me all that much and Atlanta certainly doesn't deserve all the hype that it receives. Yes, it is impressive in its size and very spread out. I just can't imagine facing those long commutes stuck in traffic day in and day out not to mention the rudest drivers I have seen anywhere in this country. I did, however, enjoy parts of Buckhead like the BAR Atlanta and the Braves baseball stadium was a decent place to see a ball game. As for the remainder of the state, Augusta and Columbus freaked me out esp. Augusta. The restaurants that I stopped at I really felt like an exhibit. I really didn't mind the attention up to a point but I knew the locals could tell I was from a different part of the country by the way I looked and talked. Georgia's redeeming feature has to be Savannah. As mentioned earlier, a great time can be had at the St. Patrick's Day Parade. I've visited during the parade in March and in July and both visits I was treated with amazing hospitality. Visitors should keep in mind, however, that away from the River St. and the Savannah river there are some really scary parts of town with many boarded up buildings, haunted houses, and prostitutes. Having included the bad with the good however, I think that the residents in the Atlanta area could learn a lot about true southern hospitality from the city of Savannah. Maybe lighten up and smile more often.