Is the United States of America the best country in the history of civilization? Yes it is without a shadow of a doubt. We owe our Founding Fathers: George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, Thomas Paine, Edmund Randolph, and many others a gratitude so great that words can not express. These men were the landed gentry. They were the ruling class. They were the priviledged social elite, the Aristocrity. Yet, these men had the vision and the courage to take a radical idea that a new form of democracy could and should exist. They took the philosophy of the Greeks, integrated that philosopy with the civility and citizenship that was uniquely British and established the foundation of American Democracy. I have traveled all over the world and extensively in Europe. I love European culture and history. I always come home to America knowing that I am a twelth generation citizen of the most free country in the history of the world. We live in a country where social mobility is very possible. With these freedoms come enormous responsibilities. We have the responsibility to be well informed make political decisions that are for the best of the country as a whole. My heart is filled with pride to be an American. Does America have problems? Yes we do. We have an educational system filled with left wing instructors. Our children who have been educated after 1967 don't even know American history. We have a society that has allowed litigation to get out of hand thus diluting the idea of personal responsibility. We have a country that is bursting at the seems with legal immigrants and illegal aliens. We have a nation that is now advocating non-assililation. This is a fatal mistake to the good of our country as a united unit. Even with these problems, The United States is the greatest country in the world. The poor, uninformed individual who blames American success on the institution of slavery is very mistaken. All of Europe, The Americans, and the Carribean had slaves in the early years of their history. Should we look to Mexico, Colombia, or Brazil for moral guidance? American is constantly being berated from the outside and from within. Still everyone in the world wants to live here. We are the greatest country in the world. Stand tall and be proud to be an American.