Israel is an interesting country to visit. I was there in April of 2000, just before the Intifada; the first thing that caught my attention was that people simply wanted peace on both the Palestinian and Jewish sides. Politics in both the Arab and Jewish communities are controlled by nationalist extremists, but they don't represent the people. Everybody was in a very positive mood. The Jewish state may only be 55 years old, but the history of this land goes back a long way, people have inhabited it since 10,000 BC. Jerusalem is a beautiful city, in every corner there was something new and interesting to see. I enjoyed visiting the Temple Mount, the Cardo, and the old city of Jerusalem while I was there. The countryside also has plenty to offer. The Galilee is a nice area, very green and hilly. Capernaum is an interesting town that demonstrates how the Jews lived during the Roman occupation. I can't forget to metion the attractions in the Negev Desert. Visit Masada and the Dead Sea. Masada is a mountain fortress in the Middle of the desert that was used in the Jewish resistance against the Romans in 70 A.D. The views of the desert and the Dead Sea are great. Try to go to a beach in the Dead Sea; it is a fun but certainly strange feeling to float on the saltiest sea on Earth. Ceasarea, Jaffa, and Tel Aviv are all interesting places to visit along the Meditteranean. It's unfortunate that this land is in an area of high conflict. It has a lot to do with the fact that Israel holds one of the largest acquifers in the Middle East. Water is the most valuable natural resource in the region; guess why Syria is insistant on getting back the Golan? You also have many different cultures laying claim on this small sliver of land; it's one of those areas of the world where different culture systems meet. The country is very dynamic, but it's a tinderbox as well. Religious overtones and claims make some even more dogmatic. Politics aside, this is one of those places that travelers should get around to seeing. This small piece of land is very important.