Not suprising to find so many harsh words about the U.S. here, especially among the enlightened element that calls some other nation home. It's all the rage these days to riducule the U.S. And it seems to say a lot about how irrational so many of these lemmings can be. Many of you strive to convert Americans to self-hate by ridiculing our patriotism, our greed, even our diet. Even a flabby film maker has conned you into chearing with his bogus documentaries. Someone posted here that the U.S. is the worst place to live! yes I lived there, now I moved to Canada! in the US there are so many racists! stupid and ignorante people... Now I couldn't resist digging deeper into this sort of criticism to discover whether or not he or she is a fair-minded individual, or possibly someone who might be just a little biased. Previous comments this person has made, regarding other locales, and under other RateitAll categories, include: it sucks big time!! too many mexicans!... St pete sucks!! too many negros, tampa bay area sucks...it sucks!!...the only thigs that you can see in clearwater are just grannies, old people everywhere.. and finally, I have to live here [Montreal] for now but I can't wait to move to Toronto or Calgary, people here are very rude, and I hate the fact that they only speak french. Yet, he moved to Canada to get away from us ignorante racists. Maybe the French grannies in Quebec move at a quicker pace. Our media and political parties recite to us plenty, reminding us daily of our faults and of what areas need mending. But, an outsider lecturing us upon how we should act or exist in the world is a rejection of our equal right to be. The Roman or British Empires are not accurate analogies. Our cycles of obesity, crime, war, illiteracy--whatever--are not predestiny. The U.S. empire is so much more of a dynamic and self-aware organism than those empires. And despite popular opinion in (seemingly) most of the world, our urge is not to pillage your land, or infect your culture. I suspect most Americans would rather you not import any of our cultural artifacts (music, movies, fasion, technology, etc.) so we wouldn't have to endure any longer the whining about its corrosive effect on the world. It's obvious that the U.S. doesn't deserve a 5-star rating, since we are far from such perfection. Those who scream it does are just biting back at the abundance of anti-Americans in the world. Peace out! 