The topic in this heading is supposed to be about the US as a destination to visit, yet some cannot resist getting on their soapbox to bring politics, religion, or some other view into the picture. (Will you folks kindly wake up and actually read the category under which you are rating? Destination, according to Webster's New American Dictionary: "The predetermined end of a jouney." Okay?) So I guess it's up to me to put the subject back into perspective although I will give an overall opinion at the end of the post. A lifetime could be spent traveling the US in search of all its sights. Hawaii has consistantly beautiful weather and you can: swim, surf, scuba dive, snorkel, sail, fish, golf, or see live volcanoes, lava flows, tropical rain forests, beautiful beaches, sugar cane fields, pineapple plantations or historic sights. Alaska offers the finest in hunting, fishing, glacier viewing, kayaking and eco-sightseeing. Nevada has the breathtaking Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, and the strip in Las Vegas is a feast for the eyes. The sights in California could fill a book. Supremely beautiful national parks, sandy beaches, zoological parks, snowcapped mountains and much more than I can mention here. Florida also has beautiful beaches and the Orlando area has outstanding family attractions open year round. You can stare in awe at the beauty of the Everglades, take a seaplane tour of the keys or swim with Dolphins. Arizona and Utah offer amazing canyons and Wyoming's Yellowstone Park offers the strangest and most interesting geological features found anywhere in the world. South Dakota has Mt Rushmore, many sacred American Indian grounds, hunting, fishing, backpacking, mountain bike and horseback riding. The small town of Sturgis hosts a yearly motorcycle rally that attracts over 100,000 riders each year. From Pennsylvania to Massachusetts the land is rich with historic sights documenting the birth of the nation. Washington DC, where the past and present still meet and New Jersey and New York are both battle scarred from the Revolutionary War. Connecticut has many interesting places nestled between the larger cities and the days of the blacksmith can be visited in small museums which give a sense of what it was like when people made their own hardware and lived by the light of kerosene lamps. Boston has many places of historical significance yet in the evening you can still find small cafes with folk and acoustic musicians. Vermont, like most of New England is a mecca for skiing and many old homes have been converted into bed and breakfasts. Okay, I think you get the idea. You could criss cross this country 50 times and not see all of the wonderful things the US has to offer. Hustlers and con artists can be found anywhere, and the same holds true for good and generous people; and I believe that there isn't a more generous or benevolent people than average American citizens. Whether it's a natural wonder, a man made spectacular, or a cup of coffee at a local diner, the United States is not just the most diverse place to visit, but it is the best place to live as you wish, where you are limited only by your imagination and desire.