America is not that bad a country. The problem is that it is extremely over-rated. TV and movies are responsible for this misconseption. Aside from parts of California and selected sections of the North-East, much of America - a country that claims to be a first-world country that is insanely rich - appears to actually look like a third-world country. Obesity is rampant, the cities are squalor and ignorance about the world and even their own country is everywhere. The most annoying thing about Americans is that they say any sort of criticism about their country reflects some sort of 'jealousy'. Part of the reason why this seems so completely ridiculous is because the average American honestly thinks that when people admire Michael Jordan or the wealth of Donald Trump that others make some sort of connection with the average American. Dream on. However, despite some negatives, Americans also have many great qualities. This is being said, by someone who for a very long time, did not like America at all. The greatest quality about America is that Americans can be very friendly to strangers and they often treat people as equals regardless of how they appear. The sad part is that there are alot of contradictions and misunderstanding in this regard. The folks who want America to change it's political intentions should realize that Americans are actually changeable, in this regard. They are just, at times, very ignorant about the world because of the media and the limited news that they are exposed to. They often believe that they have good intentions when the world percieves them as having bad ones, not realizing that they have huge cultural differences and are percieve things in a different context. However, do not give up. Americans can be influenced to change through hard work. There is no value in resorting to stupid generalizations. (Please do not group me with the posts that have all these negative jewish comments on this website. I am not a big fan of America but I have lived there before and I sense some ignorance. Many of the jews in America are some of the most liberal left-wing people in America like Noam Chomsky and many others. I believe that statistically, most Jews in America actually vote left-wing, however, 9-11 may have changed things. In the NYC area, many jews are amongst the least racist, ignorant and most open of any other group. Making generalizations of any sort is just plain stupid. America is a huge country of many diverse people). 