My husband and I got married on the beach at Swept Away Resort in Negril, Jamaica. We spent our honeymoon there for seven days as well. The service was exceptional. The people that worked there were so friendly and helpful. Especially helpful were Marlon at the beach bar, DelRoy that kept the beach immaculate and Wayne who served as best man at our wedding. Tne food was wonderful. We ate so much at breakfast that we never had lunch! I never knew that the Caribbean Sea was so clean, warm and the incredible colors; Aquamarine to Deep Blue... We took a marvelous trip into the mountains and went to a little known home where the resident had trained wild hummingbirds to sit on your finger and drink sugarwater from little doll baby bottles. The Doctorbird Hummingbird is the national bird of Jamaica and they were very friendly and had incredibly long tails for being so small! Other birds would also come and eat seed from your lap or hands. It was wonderful to see these little flying jewels so close. Our room at Swept Away was awesome! It had a beam ceiling and a large balcony surrounded by palm trees. I have a muscle disease and I thought the bed was comfortable! The windows had shutters over them from the inside so you could leave them open at night (during the day we used the A/C) and hear the tree frogs and the ocean. We went parasailing together and had a fun time doing that. The resort gave us a glass bottom boat ride. The sea is so clean and clear that you could see the bottom! The resort also took us out for a 30 minute snorkeling trip on an incredible coral reef not very far off of their beach. I had never been snorkeling before and the scenes on the reef were breath-taking! Swept Away does not have televisions in the rooms as they believe that you should pay attention to each other than watch television. It is a couples-only resort and no children are allowed. We were there the 1st week of May, 1999. This was the best trip I have ever taken. Since then we have vacationed in Sanibel, Florida and Playacar, Mexico and compared to Swept Away in Negril they were a complete let-down. Seven days was not nearly enough. I'm afraid that anywhere we vacation from now on will be a disappointment.