I've never used the word picturesque before as I feel a little funny about it, but I will use it while describing San Francisco. There are some breathtaking views of Alcatraz and Golden Gate and Bay bridges. The hills, Russian, Nob and Telegraph, are primarily residential areas and they have some spectacular views of those landmarks and of the rest of the city. There are many aspects to the city; the downtown area, Presido National Forest, Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown...and since it's a city that thrives on tourism the bars and restaurants are always busy. My roommate and I like outdoor activities and jogging, and the city and climate are perfect for that. Another strength is public transportation. You have rail cars, cable cars and the bus system to get you around the city affordably. And the BART system can get you to other cities like Oakland and San Jose. A major weak point is the homeless problem. I unaffectionately refer to them as the crazy's due to their random yelling and arm flailing for no apparent reason. They are also known for using the street as their bathroom. Some people, primarily tourists, feel sorry for them and hand over food or money. Please don't; it's like feeding Gremlins, they multiply and you can't get rid of them. Granted like all cities there are going to be homeless people, and San Francisco is basically a homeless paradise because it has mild weather all year and the tourists support their lifestyle. But you do not need to help them. Keep in mind, the majority of these people's problems are the result of drugs/alcohol, or that they are just plain lazy. They have dug their own graves and could work just like the rest of us. You have to work hard for your dollar - do not reward these people for contributing nothing to society. Also keep in mind that the city of San Francisco gives the homeless a check for $520 every month (an old agreement which I've heard they are looking to ammend), and there are places they can go to eat two free meals a day. The system and the tourists allow the homeless triangle to thrive and grow, which damages the city's image and hurts travel and the economy. If you want to do something good and give to charity your dollar would be much better spent giving to the United Way or Red Cross, which assist those who are truly in need of help.