WARNING! REMEMBER this it will totally ruin your day. There ARE people who cut in line. ALOT! They use the same excuse that they have some person up there saving their place, which is against park rules in the first place. They have no security to watch. Don't let it bother you. The park is wedged right between New York City and Philidelphia, so you have all the city kids who think they own the park or somthing and might create a scene. So dwon to rides. Ride wise. One of teh BEST parks EVER! Medusa, Relaly great B M floorless, smooth... first floorless coaster ever. When you enetre the park you will Notice Great American Scream Machine. Some people like it some people don't, i say ride it. The otehr ide you will see if Superman: Ultimate Flight. B M flyer, smooth really good. But being it new for the 2003 season. It has 2 hour wait. So ride it last in the park. So you won't spend all day waiting for only a pretty good ride. Batman Robin: The Chiller...my favorite coaster. Duel Tracked Launcher. 0-70 in 3 seconds. They will not duel, or race because of the amount of power it consumes. The first time they launched them simultaneously, There was a blackout in half of New Jersey. But really good ride altogether. It's got lapbars, so just if you are afraid about restraints. It has only lapbars. It's really safe though.. And safer then it was because now you don't hit your head against the restraint. Nitro... Most peopel's favorite. a 230 foot high B M Speed Coaster. Rated the 4th best coaster in the world. When you ride, you HAVE to sit in the front seat. It's just a must do... all the otehr seats are very lame. The wait for the front goes by FAST! Batman the ride. Very good coaster. But you can never tell the wait since it's hidden. For family. they have 3 nice coasters.. Skull Mountain. In the park (sorta) coaster. Runnaway Train, one of the best Mine Train coasters. And Rolling Thunder. Really fun ride. Feels like your going to fall ou, but your not, perfectly safe. They also have a great flat ride collection including Stuntman's freefall, one of the best. Jumping Jack flash which has been reported to be open lately. And Twister. The park has been overtaken by gum, but tehy've been on top of that problem recently. It got REALLY better this year. And please.. throw your trash away and spit your gum out in the garbage cans..not on teh walls.. its' really disgusting. It's very worth it. I gave it a 4 and not a 5 because of the people who go there. 