First of all Millennium has two Ns... second This reviews have said that Millennium Force was the tallest. Which is WRONG Millennium Force was the tallest for less then 6 months. Steel Dragon 2000 at Nagashima Spaland is 318feet tall compared to Millennium Force's 310 foot. Well when i went to this park, It's truely amazing just eying it from the shore. Cedar Point is built on a Penninsula in Lake Erie. I knew it was my favorite.. before i even entered the park, just waiting there for the park to open was incredible. Demon Drop. Was my first ride and it feels taller then the rest of the Intamin 1st gen freefall rides. Top Thrill Dragster is the new one that opened (2003) 420 feet tall.. 120 MPH... Intamin Rocket coaster. Cedar Point contains some coasters on my Top Ten. Which include Millennium force, Mantis, Raptor, and Wicked Twister in 10th. for my steel top ten. My wood top ten, both Blue Streak and Mean Streak or on it. I've been tehre once, one day. And i got on every single coaster there... Except Junior Gemini and Woodstock's Express for being too tall. And i got to ride Millennium force 3 times, Raptor 5, and Mantis 3. Cedar Point is teh cleanest park i have ever been too. Best Thrills. And most rides worldwide but Six Flags Great Adventure is almost tied with it. (68 was last count i remember, not 100 like taht other reviewer). Cedar Point is also the second oldest amusement park in the USA. In 1979 Gemini was built as the tallest roller coaster in the world 125 feet. Since then just about every coaster (except kiddy) has borken the record for tallest somthing. Magnum XL 200 (209 feet, tallest coaster) Mean Streak (161 feet, tallest wood) Raptor (137 feet,Tallest inverted) Mantis (145 feet, Tallest Stand-up) Millennium Force (310 feet, tallest roller coaster) Wicked Twister(218 feet, tallest impulse coaster) Top Thrill Dragster (420 feet, tallest roller caoster) If you are just happen to be buy Ohio, Get out to Cedar Point, you will regret not doing it. That was the best day of my life. It's the Ultimate destination. 