For those who spew forth digs of uneducated, obese rednecks with narrow minds it's time to get your head out of your sterotypical butt and realize that a redneck has more to do with a mindset than geography. Rednecks can be found everywhere -and believe me, I've encountered as many up north and in the major cities as I have in the mountains of East Tennessee. As for the obese and undereducated and narrowminded...yep, we have them...just as your esteemed metropolitan cities have them as well. And just because some of us don't subscribe to the same liberal teachings as others might...well -stop whining and realize that you are being just as intolerant of our right to embrace our values as you are yours.Move out of your box and you'll see that Tennessee has more to offer than you think: If you want beautiful mountains and incredible scenery,fishing, horseback riding, camping, hiking, and history - try the Smokey Mountains in East Tennessee. If you want arts, entertainment sports and music -Knoxville and Nashville are rich with all. Not only is Nashville home to the Titans, we're also the Music Capital of the United States. Both cities offer a myriad of museums, cultural exhibits and Broadway productions. Great education and top medical facilities - Vanderbilt rates one of the highest in the nation as does the University of Tennessee's Medical Center and Baptist Hopsitals. Knoville's sports complex in West Knoxville is a premier facility that can hold it's own with any in the nation. If you're looking for upscale neighborhoods where families walk their dogs and ride their bikes, you'll find them all over the state. If you want specifics, try my hometown of Hendersonville, TN or go to Brentwood or Franklin (outskirts of Nashville). Science and Physics? Ever heard of Oak Ridge? Guess where the A-bomb originated? Guess where some of the most sophisticated weapons are made? Yep...right in Good ole Oak Ridge, TN. The Men and Women who work in these plants are not your smokin joe rednecks but rather some of the highest educated and most intelligent people in the country. Still not enough for you? How about beautiful lakes for fishing and water sports-all three regions (east, middle, and west) have them all. Zoos and Aquariums? Visit the Aquariums in both Gatlinburg and Chattanooga or the Zoos in Knoxville and Nashville. It's all here. Look a little harder, you'll find that most people in these areas are intelligent, physically fit, health conscience and well grounded enough in their faith to not be swayed by whimsical trends that will fade when the next one comes along. Moreover, you'll find that most Tennesseans don't give a rats tail what those who don't really know our state think. We're confident enough in who we are and wise enough to see through those who think they can puff up their own image by putting us down. Oh, and one more thing...yes... we have our hellville's (Dyersburg, No name, whatever)...but I can guarantee you that every other state in our great nation has them too.