As far as nature/scenery goes, the state would get 5 stars in that category, but on the overall picture, the people drag the rating down. And I mean they drag it ALL the way down. (more on that in just a minute.) Not sure why the people here are so jaded, perhaps it's the weather. Winter has been known to take up a solid 1/2 of the year (that's not hyperbole), and the other half is totally unpredictable. You probably won't want to plan any outdoor weddings or events here, as the saying here is that "If you don't like the weather in Michigan, wait five minutes and it will change." Snow in May is not unheard of. Now regarding the people. A lot of it is the younger crowd, which is really depressing to me because I am young myself. Where to begin... Customer service here is almost nonexistent. Spend tons of money in a store? Good luck even getting acknowledged, let alone thanked, or asked to come back. If you do get thanked, it's more often than not obviously faked. It's not entirely the customer service reps fault though, as management does little to fix problems. In just about every job I've had here, I've had to essentially work 2 or 3 or more jobs in one, constantly correcting others errors or finishing the work they were too lazy to do. Where does this problem stem from? Probably grade school, as here kids are allowed to torment otheres on a daily basis and prinicipals do little to assist. One time I saw a young student get leveled by a bigger kid, and a teacher actually laughed at it! Try to starting up a convestation with a stranger here and see where that takes you. Most people here will look at you like a martian from Outer Space if you try to strike up a friendship. Tight cliques are formed in high school, and carry on through adulthood. The people here are very unforgiving, as if you irritate or inconvience them in the SLIGHTEST way, they keep a mental record of it for life! A lot of grudges here. Asking for an apology to someone who wronged you is useless, as people here are very stubborn and set in their ways, and will never admit they made a mistake. Parents getting overly defensive of their kids is quite common here, and if their kids are inconvienced in the slightest way, their (usually rich) parents start opening up a can of whoop-tush. Meanwhile their kids act like total brats because they know they can get away with it. For the most part, there are two types of people here: rude people, and people that appear to be nice, but backstab you the SECOND you're out of earshot. Lots of gossipping, and backstabbing here. It's like one long episode of Survivor, I kid you not. Impossible to trust anyone. People here go out of their way to get noticed, and feel they have to be seen doing something important every second. Looks determine heavily how successful you become. Most kids will talk on their cell phone when they have absoultely nothing to say. They just do it to be seen. Gotta look important. Gone are they days when you could spontaneously ask someone if they wanted to go to a restaurant or wherever, as people here overload their schedules, failing college courses because they've put too much work on themselves. And then there's crime. You probably know that Detroit is widely considered the murder capital of the country. Flint is also very high-crime, a sort of mini-Detroit. Saginaw is not exactly crime-free either. The state seemes to top a lot of undesirable lists, such as worst schools, and highest unemployment. We do have an awesome governor now (Jennifer Granholm), but she's limited in what she can do, because she has to deal with a GOP controlled congress who block her every move. Summing it up, you might be able to find happiness here if you rich and good-looking, otherwise, the outlook is not good I'm afraid. I really wish I could rate my homestate 5 stars, I really do. Maybe one day we'll get there. 