I would have to say that spain is probably the best country in europe. I'm not just saying that because i'm spanish, but it truly is. One of the unique things to spain is diversity and variety which is not found anywhere else in europe. Spain has lush green forests in the north all the way to deserts in the north and everthing else in between ;D. Another great thing is the Culture. Spaniards are very cheerfull, layed back people. They enjoy living the momment and taking siestas in the afternoon. Life in spain is very relaxed in the day and fun at night. Spain is europe's Club capital. It has some of the biggest night clubs on earth and many great festivals such as the Running Of The Bulls in pamplona, where thrill seekers get to run beside bulls and try to tough them. Spain has alot of History. (You may say, "Yeah, well... so does the rest of europe" but thats where your wrong! Read on) Where else in europe can you find all different types of ancient cultures? No where. Spain's northwestern state, Galicia, is considered a Celtic Nation, Which means that it was occupied by the celts for some time and it still has a thriving celtic culture. Spain was also invaded by the romans and left alot of culture and great monuments. Spain was also under the Moors (arabics) which left many beutifull buildings and monuments which can still be seen today. I wish I could share 100% with you how it is to go to spain. Unlike other european countries, Spain is always a cheerfull and happy place to go. It is impossible to describe the feeling you get when you go there. You just ahve to take a look for yourself to find out. Here is a list of places and monuments to see when/if you to Spain. - Madrid: The capital of spain, and a major european city. One of it's main attractions is the El Prado Art Museum, which is the most important in the world along with the Louvre museum in Paris. - Barcelona: The Capital of the mediterranean. It is a busttling city full of night life. The hippest place in europe. Many great beaches and beutifull fairyland-like buildings buildings by Gaudi. - Santiago de Compostella: The third holiest city on earth. The Santiago Cathedral is the tomb of Apostle Santiago (St. James) and one of the oldest cathedrals on earth. - Segovia: Segovia is one of the most beutifull cities in spain. Alot of history. Its main attraction is the Roman Aqueduct and the Alcazar Castle. The Alcazar is a fairy-tale-like castle which actually inspired Walt Disney to make his castle in Disney world. It has blue roofs and white walls and everything. - Toledo: A small medievel town on a hill. Narrow streets and cobbled stone (althought much of spain is like this). It is known worldide for its medieval weaponry and shields. - Andalucia: Andalucia is the one of the most historic and beutiful states in spain. It was the center of the moorish empire in spain. It is impossible to describe this very colorfull mediterranean area where the sun is always shinning. This is a must see if you want to visit spain. I reccommend all spain. Because even the smallest village in spain is full of rich history and sometimes its very own culture. 