UPDATE: Beware of false and negative posts. My cousin that lives in Maine is getting to the point where he cannot handle summers in Maine because of all the slugs that visit from the Deep South. They visit his restaurant and tip 10%, drive like crap and clog the roads, and bitch about the cool weather. Do not let the blatant ignorant posts from those like the individual below prevent you from visiting the most beautiful state in the eastern U.S. It is obvious that this person has never been to Maine. People from Maine don't want you anyway so stay in your backwater hellhole....and please, stop with the religion discussions.The real equations is not maine=no palm trees but rather robcenters33=jennystenson. 10/8/05: This state impresses me more and more with each visit with my more recent visit to Portland. Maine reminds me more of Oregon and Washington rather than the southern New England states. It feels like the stress has been lifted off my shoulders when I cross the state line into Maine. The interstate (I-95) is well maintained, I saw no trash anywhere along the highways, the drivers were polite, and the landscape of rolling hills and pine trees made for a relaxing drive. Portland reminded me of a miniature Seattle with the coffee shops, neighborhood bars, and art galleries. The city is condensed enough that you can pretty much walk to wherever you are going. People are accepting of you and without all the pseudo-liberal political correct b.s. experienced elsewhere. There is a sense of community and being "on the same page" with the residents that I really only notice in New England. Walk into a bar and if the Red Sox or Patriots are on the residents will strike up a conversation with you, REGARDLESS OF WHO YOU KNOW OR HOW MUCH MONEY YOU EARN. Probably the most down-to-earth residents of any state I have visited. Along with Upstate New York, Vermont, and New Hampshire, Maine is arguably the most scenic state in the eastern half of the United States. Pine forests cover the state from the western areas along the NH border down to the eastern coast. There are quite a few ski resorts in Maine and the season lasts through April in most areas of the state. A big advantage of choosing Maine as a vacation destination is that it is less crowded than the other New England states. The ski slopes in Vermont attracts many residents from NY while residents of Mass. head to NH. I've vacationed at Sugarloaf Mt. as well as Sunday River during peak ski season and never had to deal with crowds. During the summer months, Maine's coast is picturesque and the seafood is excellent at most restaurants. While the coast does look inviting, beware of extremely cold water temperatures. Folks from other parts of the country may find it difficult to brave water temps in the 50's and low 60's even though the large waves are always inviting. York Beach (southern part of the state) is a popular vacation destination for folks from NH, folks from Quebec, and Boston residents as well. Goldenrod's is a restaurant worth experiencing. Their breakfast dishes are excellent as is their salt water toffee. For someone single, there are plenty of fun-loving young New England women looking to have fun....this state is an absolute gold mine for hooking up!