If you are going to go to Canada make sure you do the best and go west. Alberta is definently the most beautiful of the Canadian provinces and I will list some of the top destinations and attractions within Alberta. 1. Calgary, Alberta (especially the Calgary Stampede)... gateway to the Rockies... go see a Flames Game at the Saddledome built for the 88 olympic winter games. Visit Canada Olympic Park for skiing and snowboarding right within the city, other main attractions include, Fish Creek Provincial Park, the Calgary Tower, Downtown in general, and eau claire market. Also surrounding Calgary is beautiful Kananaskis Park a must see. Only a 30 minute drive from Calgary. Other attractions include, Writing on Stone Provincial Park... thousand year old hyroglyphics etched in stone around the Milk River in Southern Alberta (World Heritage Site), Head Smashed in Buffalo Jump, Waterton Lakes National Park (World Heritage Site), also visit Lethbridge Alberta and see a truely amazing train bridge that spans across a huge valley (over a km long) made completly of wood. Then there is also Frank Slide the location of a major RockSlide that covered an entire town in the early part of the last centry. and a must see of course... DINOSAUR PROVINCIAL PARK (World Heritage Site)! This is truely amazing...you will feel like you have gone back in time. There are litteraly dinosaur bones everywhere... just look down and you will find tiny fragments of dinosaur bones... continue on to Drumheller and the Tyrell Dinosaur Museum and the Hoodoos and Badlands of Alberta...don't let the name fool you though.. the badlands are spectacular.. just watch out for the CACTI and the worlds largest Dinosaur. Heading further north... to Banff National Park (World Heritage Site)... then further north to the Athabasca Glacier. Take a huge truck right up onto the Glacier (this is a once in a lifetime experience) further up is the untouched Jasper National Park.. Also make sure you visit Edmonton (just pop in to see the Worlds Largest Mall... West Edmonton Mall) further North Still (if you can get this much time off work) go North to Wood Buffalo National Park... where the Buffalo Roam Free. I challenge any provice or any place in the world where you can find all these differnet features in one place.. deserts, mountains, lakes, praries, history, and beauty. 