So, I've lived off the coast of Maine for 20 years and wanted to rate this 1-star and couldn't bring myself to do it! It IS beautiful here. For 3 months. For those of you who have not suffered 20 (or more) years of these dark, cold, damp, snowy winters, who come here during the gorgeous months of July, August and September, it IS absolutely the most beautiful place on the east coast (although I love the Blue Ridge Parkway as well). For the snowbirds who have the luxury of living here during the gorgeous months and get out during the horrid months, God bless you. You cannot know how shocked I am to read that Maine ranks as the number 2 state in the US! I travel quite a bit (in the winter, south, of course :), most people don't even know where Maine IS! It is everything everyone here says it is. But it is also a little bit of H*ll frozen over in the winter. Then there's mud season. Then black flies. Then Mosquitos. THEN paradise - for two months. Then leaf-peeping season. Then rainy season. Then cold, dark, snowy season. Since our economy is primarily tourist-driven (it has to be, the environmentalists have pretty much driven out all manufacturing which might make a lot of you jump for joy because it ensures the green paradise you all describe here - but for locals, who are being forced to move out of Maine, families who have lived here for many generations whose children can no longer find work here, it's not the best thing) we have to be nice to all of you who visit here and spend your money here. There are two Maines. The Maine you all are writing about - the natural beauty, the untouched scenery, the camping and fishing, the lighthouses, the charming little villages. There is also the sad Maine where generational families are driven apart because of the economy and high state income taxes. For those of you who live in California (Berkeley particularly) or Washington DC, who come here for your little piece of heaven, remember that there was a beautiful place here 50 years ago, as well, with local families living together for generations. You come here, get your little piece of heaven, and then try to shut down the real estate industry so no one else can have your little piece of heaven. Sorry, people, but THAT is the reality of Maine. For our part, we are cashing in. We bought our house 20 years ago for $40,000. We'll sell it in about 2 years for a half million or more. Not to a local, for they can't afford it. But to one of you who come here, become enamored and want your little piece of heaven. You'll pay me gladly, probably go into a price war over our beautiful spot. And then, we'll skip to one of the less beautiful states down south, where it's warm and lighter and buy a lovely home and retire on the rest of your money. I guess we'll all get what we want in the end, eh?