California actually has a higher unemployment rate then Mass- but some think that the balmy weather can pay your bills. Try buying a decent condo in any major California city along the coast- and it will set you back at least 400K- An average to decent house is at least 550K and up- not that the Boston area is cheap- but it is about 33% lower then coastal California. As for the people- well people in New England can be cranky and damn pains in the ass- but the people I have met while living in California tend to be shallow- yes friendly at first- but have no depth- very materialistic- and empty. Sure Mass. may not have good weather- but by in large the people are more real-if you give them a chance- and you do not have to work 3 jobs to live in a dump- I guess that's why so many Californians are migrating to the Pioneer valley. To nhguy1977- Kerry carried all of New England including New Hampshire- my advice to you is too move to Oklahoma or perhaps Arkansas- then you will begin to appreciate what you have in both MA or NH- you are the one out of touch- I ove the ignorant and stereotpic view of the far right Wolfie you are just liek all the other ignorant, smug, northeast commie liberal assholes. Too bad your fake war hero Frankenkerry lost the election huh. If MA is such a great friggin state why are people leaving there by the thousands? Huh ya jacka$$. Screw you and all the other commie massholes. Millions more voted for Bush so you're obviously the one who is out of touch. If the south is full of uneducated rednecks as you claim what does that say about you massholes. Your guy and his northeast liberal supporters couldn't even beat a bunch of uneducated rednecks and thier guy? HAHA Get over yourself a$$hole Firstly nhhccg1977 I suggest you get an education- you cannot put together a coherent string of ideas in a logical fashion. That is why the top ten states of this survey all voted against bushie- and in the top twenty there are perhaps three. The south has low taxes- but it has among the worse public schools in the nation- poor envirionment, poor healthcare for the young and old, poorly kept highways, and an overweight and unhealthy population that smokes and has a poor diet-and a lower standard of living and quality of life. I could go on and on here- but it would serve no purpose. I have spoken to an x Yankee at Yankee Living now living in New Orleans- who wants out of the deep south after many years- she said the majority of people can only dream of the high quality of life we have here-compared to there. Most of the economic gains in the south are predicated on in migration- and the building of homes and cheap labor costs that exploit the poor- when all this stuff goes belly up- and it will- lets see how the south's weak foundation holds up- probably not good. The quality of life in the northeast is high for a reason- intellectual capital- something the south may never have. And lastly I suggest you overcome your ANGER- it seems extreme. 