Massachusetts is essentially a islands of over priced condos and houses in which look like they would be lower middle class anywhere else surronded by a sea of old, Decrepit, low quality hell holes with a generally poor standard of living. Yes the trees change color in the fall, but that is true of 90% of America so so what. Harvard and MIT are nice, but you didn't go there, some parts of Boston are pleasant until you realize they want 500,000 to live in a closet. The train system would be nice except that they haven't funded it since the 1960s. The marvelous big dig was so mired in politics, dirty back room deals and unions making a grab for all they could that it is about to cave in. The accent makes people from New Jersey sound like the coo of a dove. Imagine what living in England would be like, now take away the castles and keep the socialisim and hight taxes. The Public universities suck because there are so many private universities therefore it costs a fortune to go to a decent school. Most people have to travel over an hour to get to work once they get in the car to parking it. Too much snow, its windier than Chicago, the sea is nice but it is too cold to get in the water. The state is a debt trap, it is easy to get in but hard to get out. Employers won't move to Massachusetts. It is always the first in a recession and the last to leave it. Let us not forget this is the only state with a true class system, what century is this anyways. Massachusetts has the lowest level of giving of any state. High Cancer rates. The people are so uninspired that the churches are empty. People of Boston, the Red Sox don't care about you! Why do you care about them? Rent caps in the sixties caused the price of housing now to be around four times the national average and even more when you get to the decent neighborhoods. The public school are underfunded, the crime rate is rising, Boston refuses to pass any recycling laws. Two words: Urban renewal. The few nice places they did have the brilliant government decided had to have low income housing set up in the middle becasue the people there were to uppity living at normal American standards. Taxes Despite popular belief that being next to other big cities helps, Boston actualy always loses out to New York for conventions, sporting events and other big ticket events 