Spain: Spain is too diverse to write down an review in a couple of sentences, but I'll give it a try. For tourism I think Spain has more to offer then any country. Mountains, semi-desert, beaches, culture, nightlife, food, adventure,sports, climate...you name it, they got it. I go to Spain since 1984 and saw it changing since then. I worked in Barcelona and Seville an travelled everywhere. Spain is an ancient country with a very rich culture in almost all cities. The Spain with flamenco, tapas and bullfights is more then anything the region Andalucia. Cities like Cordoba, Sevilla and Granada have excellent nightlife, and are very alive. Life is on the street and streets are crowded most of the time. The Mediteranean coast has beatiful beaches and if you're looking for some swimming and sun you'll be fine everywhere. Valencia has the pleasure of a big city together with nice beaches. Barcelona is a véry beautiful city with it's architecture, beaches and mountains nearby. Compared to nightlife in Southern Spain Barcelona is quite boring, considering that it's a big city. On weekdays after 24:00 there's not much to do. Spanish live for the weekend. To get to know the real Spain I think you should speak Spanish. In most regions where a lot of tourists come people are not really open to foreigners anymore. It's like an industry and you can't blame them. In all my time living in Spain I can say that it's hard to mix with the local people. The more north you go the more open-minded people are. If you want to work in Spain you probably have the best chance in Madrid, Catalonia or Valencia. Working conditions are a lot better overthere and the unemployment is considerably lower. The Spanish food served outside the tourist places is great and not expensive at all. They serve very fine wines, meat, fish, sandwiches. I love the breakfasts in the streetbars. A holiday in Spain is always nice, no matter where you go. The Basque region I find quite depressing compared to the rest of Spain, but San Sebastian is a very nice place with a beautiful bay for some swimming. Also good in Spain are the restaurants along the road. Specially in Andalucia, but also in other regions, you can buy great dishes while travelling.For tourism Granada, Seville, Barcelona, Santiago de Compostela, Madrid, Salamanca are all beautifull places, and for sun and swimming all costal resorts are fine. If you have only a couple of days maybe Barcelona is the best choice. In 20 years I saw Spain modernizing at high speed and if the economy keeps growing this will be absolutely one of world's best countries for holidays and to live in. One negative thing about Spain: The patriotism. So many Spanish think that nothing is better than their own country or region that is is annoying sometimes. They should feel more like one nation and stop thinking in regions. After all they are all European..... 