Born and raised in Richmond, Virginia. Plenty to do in Northern Virginia, I like to take it in a weekend at a time, any more than that and I'm sick of the traffic and urban density. Virginia is the oldest English speaking bureaucracy on the western hemisphere I do believe. The Commonwealth knows how to tax. A lot of law enforcement. A poor place to rent (at least Richmond anyway). Virginia has great state highways and a lot to offer geographically. A pretty conservative place. Virginia Democrats are usually more conservative than some Republicans you might find elsewhere. I do not think I would rate VA so high if it were not my home state (there's no place like home). Good job opportunities in urban areas, not good at all in rural areas (like taking a step back in time). Great state universities. Mountains, beaches, urban and rural areas. High local taxes when compared with NC, but probably cheaper than going North. Rich in History. The real South is said to be South of the James River (Richmond). Richmond and areas north thereof tend to be more Northeasterly. The tidewater area is nice but congested, dense with military facilities. I feel like there are four Virginias: Northern VA, Central VA, Tidewater, all other rural areas (to include the highly conservative western areas with smaller urban/more townish like communities like Roanoke/Salem, Charlottesville, Blacksburg and Harrisburg. Southern VA (Danville, Lynchburg, Martinsville) is economically depressed, but if you can find a good job (and like peace & quiet as opposed to boredom)you've got it made. There are some places I like better, but having been around Virginia is still one of my top choices. You can get anywhere from NYC to Florida in a days drive. Young folks (not in Northern VA) might be bored, but when you've finished burning the candles at both ends Virginia is a good place to settle and raise a family. A decent balance of opportunity and family friendliness. NC and points further South might be a better place to raise a family, but you may have a harder time finding employment and a shollower cultural diversity (if thats of importance to you).