appears is wrong on the KKK! there is alot of blacks here and they are respected! this state is very nice, clean, has excellent real estate, has alot of nice people, it's very beautiful, has awesome biking trails, is a very bike freindly state (since when could you go bking and be prefectly respected on the road as much as a regular car!) and they keep the state clean, and nice, there is hardly any crime here in cary, raleigh is pretty safe too. the only area that needs work is durham and that's becuase it is old. ALL OLD AREAS ARE LIKE THAT! and if you think the people are snotty here go to tennesee, then you'll find the worst aholes in the world! everyone that I knew except the assistant manager at one apartment complex I've lived at was an asshole. and all the women were jealous of my good looks and they all had 10 different kids from 10 different guys! none of NC is like this. I have only seen ONE homeless person here, when i lvied in TN there were by the dozens on roadways and by taco bell. and also raleigh is also like living in a park, there are lots of trees and nice scenery everywhere. and also NC has excellent educational standards, people are overall more educated here, unlike tennesee where 8th grade school was like 4th grade in ohio! also there is alot fo new development here and lots of new buildings are going up and lots of businesses are locating here. the rent is very good here, its around 750 avg for a 2bed/2bath 1000 sq ft apartment, now take that same apartment and stick it in VA and its like 1300/mo! and also you can get good deals on rent if you come the right times. and also house prices are farily good here, you can get a HUGE 3600 sq ft house for about $200,000 in CA you pay that for a hole in the wall "condo" or a shack with live wires sticking out of it or RATS! Now how is this palce expensive to live? not unless you blow your money eating out every day adn going to teh movies twice a week, then you have no room to talk if you dog this state just beacuse you think you can get a versace wardrobe for the price of old navy. its actually not all that bad living here. the prices for stuff in the malls is the same as it was in ohio! and also you can shop at walmart and not be embarrassed like most states. which is a major plus! hell when I shoped at walmart in ohio peoople would make fun of me. but here even the rich people shop there and recommend it! I do admit some people are snotty, its the old 35-40 year olds that are like that. now the younger people can be very nice and I've known more nice people here than ohio. and there is a LARGE influx of people coming from ohio that are respected here. and also this area is very diverse and I've met some itneresting people from France, India, China,and Indonesia. I've also met alot of people that moved here from NJ and NY that say they will never go back to NJ or NYC! and NYC is a DUMP compared to raleigh. imgine trying to make it there on 1500/mo it will never happen since rent is that much or more over there its like 3,500-5,000 for a 2 bedroom apartment in NYC!!! Nw how cna you say this NC is expensive, you dont know expensive till you live it for a while and I had a friend who lived in CA and had a 200,000 dollar house that was crap, came here and was jaw dropped at what you can get here for 200,000!!! 