I was born and raised in Michigan, and I lived there for 24 years until I moved to Texas. I must say that Michigan really does have it all: everything from warm, sandy beaches to cold wind-whipped (short) mountains. The state is ideally situated so that in a 12-month span one can experience the fulness of all four seasons: summers are warm (sometimes down-right HOT!); autumn's colors are amazing; winter time finds everything blanketed in snow; and spring time is breathtaking, with the first faint hints of green on the trees and all the Cherry Blossoms! You're never more than an hour's drive to a lake, whether small or GREAT; and if the water doesn't suit you, there's plenty of hiking biking to be done (check out the Huron National Forest the Au Sable River which runs it's length... great hiking/camping/canoeing!) Michigan's ethnic diversity also deserves note... From the vibrant African-American community strongly represented in Detroit and its suburbs, to the Dutch- and German-descended communities on the west side of the state, diversity has always been one of the state's strengths about which Michiganians could bost. The Great Lakes, with all of their tributaries and their access to the Atlantic Ocean, have made Michigan the cross-roads for the entire American Canadian heartland: if it leaves Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, or Michigan by boat, the odds are better than even that it will pass through Lake St. Clair and the Detroit River on its way to the sea! Michigan is noted for its institutions of higher learning too, most prominently Michigan State University in East Lansing, and the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. Regional colleges abound... Central Michigan University, Western Michigan University, Eastern Michigan University, and Wayne State University to name just a few. Heavy industry walks right along side of agriculture to keep the state economically diverse as well. Great places to visit if you're considering a vacation to Michigan: Greenfield Village/Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn; Holland (for its annual Tulip Festival); Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore and Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore; Bronner's (a 24-7-365 Christmas store in Frankenmuth); Mackinaw Bridge; and Sault Ste. Marie. I keep a bumper sticker of the Michigan flag on my car... helps me not to forget where I'm from and how great a place it is! 