I was born and raised in Montreal and consider it one of the best cities in the world. I am very well traveled - especially considering my age - and I find many cities beautiful but Montreal still remains my home town, one that I always feel comfortable returning to even though it is very nice to leave and go discover some new ways of life once a year or so. I'd like to thank the people on this list who gave good reviews to this city. As for all the comments about quebec in general, I cannot say that I entirely disagree or agree with the negative and positive opinions. I too find it quite idiotic for quebec to seperate from Canada, as far as I am concerned, I am Canadian just like someone from New-York city is an American. I also find the educational system extremely unfair and badly organized. It differs from the rest of the country's and the united-states' system making univerity applications a REAL hassle. Also, even while being raised in both english and french, I was always denied the right to attend an english speaking school until college. For me this was simply an annoyance as I would have liked it better in english, and most probably would have faired better as well as my college (which was in english) scored will attest. However, it is extremely unfair for immigrant children. Think about it, an asian, german, irish, or even just american family moves in this province and although the children might be able to make out a tiny bit of english they are forced into the french educational system. They sometimes already know a bit of english! and - this is not meant as offensive in any way - english is a language that is extremely easier to learn than french. I find it cruel for those children. I also agree that some people, although in my experience this does not really happen in montreal but is overwhelming as soon as you get out of the city, can be either quite snobby or hillbilly and seem rude and ignorant - are they? only they can know for sure. Although I see the point of many of you as being offended by the rude conduct of francophones towards anglophones, you have to understand that maybe they do not speak english well, or at all, and have to make a huge effort to accomodate you which you are not reciprocating (however, if you are in montreal they should really know english). In any case, whether they speak english or not, it is always nice to try and accomodate the person you are asking to help you as much as you can. Even simply saying 'Merci' (thank you) if that is the only french you know or can muster will get you respect. 