5 stars for being perfectly normal. The cost of living is good, there is a great family and history feel going on, and the people are great! Lots of nice parks like highland and cobbs hill on the Genesee river and on lake ontario. The older historic neighborhoods like Corn Hill are geting restored and are starting to show the true character of old Rochester. It isn't as cloudy and gray as people are saying, 220 days is bull. We are one of the more cloudy cities on the east coast, but we still do get more sunny days than cloudy days, i believe it is something like 190 days of clear blue sky, and about 175 days of cloudy/sun mix, or precipitation. One more thing, Rochester is the first true American city. In the 1830's with the completion of the Erie Canal (considerd the greatest american engineering feat in the history of the U.S.) Rochester became America's first boomtown; The real reason that people in Greater Rochester think that the economy is so terrible and behind (when in fact it is actually above average compaired to the rest of the country) is because from the time it became America's first boomtown in the 1830's, until the 1980's, Rochester was one of the most economicaly well off cities in the country, now that it is down from being excelent to average, people in the area think that it is horrible. It's not, its only low on Rochester's high standards, it will get better soon. I remember reading in the D&C only a few weeks before 9/11, that there were plans to build some sort of a major research lab on photonics (some sort of thing that studies uses of light or something, i can't quite remember) They said that Rochester was to be the site for this big new lab and that it would bring thousands of high paying jobs to the area and really boost the economy. I haven't heard too much more about it in the newspaper, but when I googled it, I did get some pages that said the same thing. I hope that they do set up shop in Rochester. Eventhough it doesnt sound like they have any jobs in my field, and i am happy with my job now, I would definetly be happy to see more people coming to the area. But even if it doesn't happen, after 150 years of being one of the best, i doubt 20 of a slide in the economy will bring Rochester down.