On Driving: There are certain types of drivers that don't prevail in the LA highways and those are the slow or dull witted drivers. There are a lot of cars here, and plenty of bad drivers. The only way to drive well and efficiently is to drive offensively. Out-of-towners will see this as maniac driving. In reality, it's quite predictable. You just have to be awake and alert while you drive. A spot in front of you means someone will take it if they are trying to merge into your lane. LA driving is not for the meek. If you miss your left turn signal arrows, go to Orange County. Note that there's really no speed limit in CA highways. The DMV handbook basically states that one can drive at whatever speed is reasonable and safe for the conditions. Be prepared to drive fast and in an alert manner. On traffic: Rush hour can be raher lengthy, from 7am-10am and 3pm-7pm any given day. Traffic here is not for the impatient types. Yes, there is a lot of traffic here. Again, because people want to be here and do not leave. The numemorosity alone ought to astound you. Yet, even with all the traffic, somehow any destination you select tends to be 15-20min away at most and given the great highway systems here, you can drive great distances rather quickly. Everything is close by! On real estate: Anyone that wants to compare the costs of living in LA with some other random state where no one wants to be has got to be kidding. SUPPLY and DEMAND, people. The costs of housing go up because there isn't to go around. Everyone wants to live here (believe it or not), and that's evidenced by the high cost housing. Compare it to a huge house in random state, same costs will buy you a much bigger house? Where's the comparison there? Location, location, location. On scenery: Los Angeles has the most beautiful scenery I've ever seen. Perhaps I was way too easy. Park your car along the PCH and look at the horizon, you see the endless Pacific Ocean. Turn around and see the mountains. Hell, stand sideways and see them both. It has got to be the most beautiful thing. Go hike around the Hollywood sign, also another great thing to do there. On segregation: I didn't notice segregation. What is evident, however, is what's evident everywhere. You're not going to see the super poor hanging out with the super wealthy--if that ends up correlating with race, so be it. Otherwise, there's just little common ground there and more limited outing potentials for the poorer parties involved. I otherwise saw plenty of cultural integration everywhere I looked. If interracial dating and multiracial children isnt proof enough, nothing else will convince you. 