I was planning on writing this shortly after I returned from a recent visit to NYC. Then the tragic events of September 11th unfolded. Like the rest of the country and much of the world I was completely numb as I watched television that day and every day since. Now, I finally feel like I can attempt this so, I'm going to try to sum up the feelings of an average visitor and offer them here as a small tribute to this truly magnificent city. I first set eyes on NYC on a trip with my family way back in 1961 when I was about six years old. This was significant to me in many ways - one being that it provided me one of the rare memories I have of my father who died a year later. Looking back, I think I started to fall in love with this city at first sight on this long ago trip. The strongest visual memory I can recall from it is being on the Staten Island Ferry and seeing the Statue of Liberty. Oh, yes, that and a great hot dog I ate for lunch. My second trip about two years later was also very short and sweet but still memorable. My mother, sister and I were on our way to Connecticut and ended up on a somewhat lengthy layover as we switched trains at Grand Central Station. I remember how gigantic that great old place was as my sister and I ran all around it like hyper little mice. At one point, I remember mom took us outside briefly to catch a glimpse of the Empire State building. Little did I realize how close we were to that wonderful Art Deco masterpiece I would come to adore years later, the Chrysler building. I remember how busy the streets were - literally buzzing with activity as people sped by. It was like a great old movie, of which, at the age of eight, I naturally thought of myself as the star. Back inside the terminal I mounted a successful begging campaign for a small troll doll - all the rage in 1963. Its hair was the most stunning shade of purple I had ever seen! When we returned home I proudly noted, when showing it around to friends, that THIS was no ordinary troll - it was from NEW YORK - further noting the unique hair color you couldn't get just anywhere . My third trip took place between August 15th and 20th this year. Once I arrived I can remember thinking - why in the world did it take me 38 years to return? This really is one of the most fascinating spots on earth! I got so involved in everything that I sometimes actually forgot to eat. And this is not a really easy thing to do either because this city has some of the best food on the planet. The first place we ate when we arrived was at a little deli in the mall near our hotel - The Marriott WTC. It was called Fine and Shapairo I believe. I had this wonderful creation called The Brooklyn Bridge - pastrami, corned beef on rye with slaw and Russian dressing. That afternoon we also went to the top of the World Trade Center. It was unbelievably gorgeous. I mention all these seemingly irrelevant little points because they are just a few of the millions and millions of occurrences each day that combine to give this city its intriguing identity. While I was there it occurred to me that NYC is more than just a big city. In some very real way it serves as the cradle of our American culture. Not only is it steeped in history, art and wonderful architecture it is also popping with vitality, forever ancient yet continually current. As my sister remarked - anyone would enjoy a trip to this city because it literally has something for every taste and every type. And it holds every type of humanity the world has ever or will ever produce. The attack on New York is unquestionably one of the most grievous things to ever happen on this orb we call our world. It was a stab in the back of humanity, of freedom; free thought, free expression, creativity, genius, beauty, art, history, culture, civilization and all the immigrants who made their way to these shores with hopes and dreams for a better life. In short, everything human beings have ever held dear since the beginning of time. As for me, I refuse to let these acts of cowardly, evil terrorism keep me away from a city that has held my imagination and heart since I can remember. We don't know what it will be yet, but something will rise from that rubble that was the WTC and it will have all the vivacity and strength that suits the city in which it stands. And I am sure the people who call it home will overcome this hideous thing with their usual flare and unique gusto. 