A great place to take a one-week vacation. It's got it all. Charleston is a must for history buffs. It is one of the oldest cities in the country, with tons of Revolutionary and Civil War attractions. Charleston is also said to rank ahead of even New Orleans in ghost sightings. Ghost walks through downtown Charleston are very popular. You can do anything from enjoying High Tea at a 5-star hotel with rich women and queers, to eating soul food at 1 in the morning after a bender. Charleston is a great shopping town; check out the Charleston Market, located downtown on (where else) Market Street. There are also a ton of flea markets and great antique stores if you want to drive to nearby locales like Mount Pleasant. Spectacular beaches are just a short drive away from downtown, and include Isle of Palms and Folly Beach. The water is clean and warm as elephant pee. My favorite aspect of Charleston is it is a town of Big Eats. There are a plethora of great Restaurants in downtown Charleston. You literally can't go wrong, especially if you are going for seafood. My favorites are Sticky Fingers (Best Ribs around), Starfish Grille in Folly Beach, and Hymans, a 5th-generation seafood restaurant that is a favorite of A-Listers [In the summer, You must get there by 4:00 PM or else you will be waiting for a long time]. Charleston was recently voted the friendliest town in the U.S. It's kind of true, the city does not have the abundance of rude dudes you see most everywhere else. The girls are mostly healthy-looking Southern Belles with sexy southern drawls. Crime is almost non-existent (though the neighborhoods look kind of rough as you move away from downtown). If you do go to Chasn., I guess my words to the wise are: 1) In the summer, downtown Charleston gets very crowded and parking is scarce. Get there in the morning to avoid the rush. 2) Charleston summers are very oppressive and humid. Dress for the weather and bring water. 3) If you want to save money, stay at the many hotels in North Charleston, which is about 15 miles from downtown. North Charleston is good for the family in that there is a nearby Mall, an Ice Rink, a Multiplex, and a Sticky Fingers. 4) One of the best ways to see the downtown is to take a horse-drawn carriage ride.