The United States, for all it's faults, is one of the greatest places in the world to live in. We are an optimistic people who place a very high priority on individual freedom and innovation. Artistic freedom is a very important part of American culture. Indeed, we are major trend setters in theatre, literature, music, film and art. An innovative mentality is what makes us unique; since the founding of the country, we've always been ahead of the curve on technological and medical matters. U.S. scientists have won more Nobel prizes than scientists from other countries. We have always been leaders in the aerospace and computer industries; American ingenuity is very strong. Innovative nations are usually the most prosperous ones. It helps that the United States has an enormous amount of natural resources. We are one the few countries in the world who have deep warm water ports on two oceans. This greatly facilitates trade between Europe and Asia. The American military is one of the best in the world; our fighting men and women are among the toughest and most resourceful. Although sometimes we pick the wrong fights, we always fight for what's right. Americans don't respond well to realpolitik in foreign policy, rather, they respond to challenges in an idealistic manner. The official line was that we were fighting against evil facism in the 2nd World War and evil communism during the Cold War. They were all legitimate threats to our freedoms as well. There's nothing more Americans hate than injustice in the world. Historically our foreign policy has been one of us acting as a fair referee. Maybe we're not fair sometimes, but when we are, we act in our best interests, it's one of the strengths of America. Usually, we respond to international challenges in a controlled and conservative manner. When we don't, we get into trouble. We can never base our foreign policy on hubris, otherwise it will blow up in our face. I will be honest, America has it's weak points. Being truthful is the only way we can move ahead as a country. We Americans can be arrogant when dealing with other countries; somehow it seems like some us think that we've mastered the art of living and therefore we have to bring it to the rest of the world. That is completely disrepectful of other people's cultures and it leads you to wonder why we are so resented throughout the world. We can't impose our ways on other people, no matter how much we think it's for their own good. Countries develop at their own pace and they will come around. We're also a very excessive society. We eat too much, we drink too much, we take too many drugs (both legal and illegal). A lot of our habits are simply not very healthy and that hass the ability to affect the vitality of our nation. Indeed, people are one of our top resources. If we want to maintain our top position in the world, we have get healthier physically, mentally, and even spiritually. Despite some of these weaknesses, America is indeed a very strong country. Even though we don't have a strong welfare state, equality of opportunity is very strong here. You make of yourself what you want to here. That's why for generations, people from all over the world have immigrated to our country. America is the land of the self-made man, it's one of our strengths. Originality and strength of purpose are our strong points, if we lose sight of this, we will lose our focus. We must always remember the old Puritan ideal that this country was established under; we are a beacon for the world to look to. That's not arrogance, that's strength.