I have to look past the facts that America is home to so many conservative lunatics that really don't know what America is about. America is about tolerance and accepting people that have other opinions than yourself and sympathizing with less fortunate countries. It needs to abolish the death penalty, push for tighter gun restriction laws, and a responsible way to legalize abortion. The U.S. should see the root cause of crime and not racially profile and start a war on poverty rather than a war on drugs. Drug addiction and alcoholism are treated here as crimes and not the sicknesses that they really are. I'm proud to share this home of America with so many greats: Jefferson, Lincoln, both Roosevelts (and Elanor), Kennedy, Martin Luther King, the list goes on. So many covered up atrocities have occurred from U.S. government agencies in many wars. I hate to realize that America was also home of the hateful, awful, red-scare man Joseph McCarthy. The Sacco and Vanzetti trial is another example of this bad feeling we have toward people with alien views. They were two Italian anarchists who were executed merely for believing in anarchism and communism. Staying on this unfairly accused issue, on a more recent note, in the '60s Rubin Hurricane Carter was wrongly convicted of murder. He spent many years in jail. Do you know why? Because he was African American. This is not the spirit of our land. We basically took all the rights away from the Native Americans and basically wiped them out (in thanks to A. Jackson). As TheFreak said, it is sometimes difficult to be comfortable expressing your pacifist, atheistic, liberal views (me having those views as well). Horrible Presidents such as Hoover, Nixon, and Reagan, and Dubya made us and are making us look like fools in the eyes of the rest of the world. To contribute to this as well, it doesn't look great when Dan Quayle, the worst public-speaking politician in history (with maybe the exception of G.W.) spelling potato with an e at the end and being completely out of touch with every intellectual issue. When our citizens saw something wrong, in the late '60s for example, they tried to pass legislation to change it. Going back to abolition, labor unions, muckraking, civil rights, gay rights, women's rights, the U.S. has been able to push great changes in giving equal rights to everyone. However, I feel that besides the problems with the U.S., it is my home country and is a country with one of the highest standards of living in the world. America is a great land that is a place where many of our ancestors came to flee warfare, famine, oppression, etc., and the U.S., for the most part, gave them that haven. Immigrants shaped and still are shaping the society in which we Americans live. I can honestly say, despite all the problems that we've had and are facing right now in the present, that I am proud to be an American and that I'd rather live in no other place. It is the only culture and society I have ever known. It is such a place with a history of helping other peoples as well to set up a democratically elected government in areas which they did not know how. It is mostly a philanthropic nation that gives to the poor in other torn countries.