Dude, Canada is like the bomb. I mean, we created hockey! Come on people! But besides that, we may not be the strong country in military or anything, but maybe that works to our advantage, this means, maybe other countries wont target us when they decide to blow something else up. Also, we have really awesome landmarks. I'm not dissing America, don't get me wrong, I have a lot of respect for the US, but I'm still backing up Canada more. I mean, I was born here ,spent my entire life in the same house in little old Nova Scotia, so ya. But back to our landmarks. If you start in BC, you have you know Vancouver Island, and, ( yes, I've never been passed Ontario, I'm only 14 give me a break) But I know there are nice landmarks in Alberta, Saskatchewan Manitoba, Nunavet, NWT, and the Yukon. Now Ontario. Very crowded from what I've seen. Like Niagra Falls is insane. I'm not even sure if it worth what it seems, but it is nice to look at for sure. Marineland is probably my favorite place, besides the Air Canada Center. ( Leafs people the Leafs) But, Marineland is very fun, especially when you get splashed by Neocia ( killer whale). Quebec, is ....French. I do have the utmost respect for french people though. Just, me being English, could pose kind of a problem. I mean, ever try to order Tim Hortons in French???? Quebec is beautiful though. Rivere-du-Loup probably stands out most in my mind. A lot of flowers in the summertime. Now, moving on. ( I feel like I'm giving a geography lesson) New Brunswick. It's where my uncle and aunt lives. But I must admit, that if your just driving...and driving...and driving it's like seeing the same trees about 100 times. They do have nice places to go though. PEI is small, yet beautiful. The red mud is so...interesting. If it gets on your car though, it wont come off for about a month. Anne of Green Gables is just awesome. I mean, a great story thats famous. Written in PEI!!! Thats awesome! Rainbow Valley is awesome too. It's fun! NFLD (Newfoundland)I've never actually been there. But what I've heard sounds nice, except for the Newfie jokes. Last but certainly not least! NOVA SCOTIA!!! YA!!! Beautiful, awesome , gorgeous,historic. I could go on, but you get the picture. We have everything... well, except, my town, still has to invest in a movie theatre and a WallMart. Wait, we're getting those, oh well. Thats Canada for ya!