i live in chicago, and life is very crappy. 98 percent of all society is cold, cruel, and only knows how to treat others like garbage. and not just in chicago, but all over the ENTIRE STATE OF ILLINOIS!!!. (in fact, on halloween 2004, i went to sycamore, located some 60 miles west and surrounded by cornfields, i was saying "hi" and smiling at the locals and the locals were very rude.) politics in illinois are very horrible. (for example, in 2004, illinois was the 7th richest state in the nation, but yet it ranked 47th out of 50 states for services for people with disabilities.) people drive as if blind, in fact the john f kennedy expressway is the most dangerous highway in the entire state. people just LOVE to cut you off and try to cause a severe car crash, people even blow through red lights sometimes, and sometimes, honking at them will make them worse, in fact, sometimes, people probably even get shot at for honking at a bad driver, especially on the west and south sides of the city. there is way too much crime in chicago, especially on the west and south sides, in fact, on the south side and in south suburbs like harvey, chicago heights, markham, calumet city, dolton, etc, criminals would shoot you for your wallet. in fact, i even have a friend that used to live on the 2200 block of south california avenue and one night her car was shot up by a group of gang bangers. life in chicago is so fast paced that it is on the verge of jumping the track, everyone is rushed all the time. so fast paced is life here that you can make plans a month ahead of time and still have them crashed. people always and continuously "have to jet right now." those that are slower paced get whipped all the time. so fast is life here that outside society might as well call chicago and northeast illinois "the land of life streaks." also, considering the rudeness of society here and the fact that so many people in this burned out land of heartache do not give 3 cares about anybody but themselves and themselves only, and could care less if you fell into a volcano, illinois does not even feel like the "land of lincoln" anymore. in fact, these days, illinois feels more like the "land of darth vader" or even the "land of satan", although i do have to admit that the title "land of satan" would actually go to new york city and communities within 80 miles of new york city, because from what i heard, people are so rude in new york city and within up to 80 miles of new york city that they would call the police on you and have you arrested and thrown in jail just for even saying "hi" to them! (to tell you my opinion, friendly society does not begin until around 300 to 400 miles away from new york city.)