I grew up in Spokane, moved to Seattle for ten years, then returned for a job. Unfortunately, the institution downsized and I've been stuck in Spokane for nearly three years now. First of all, the weather here is great! There are four distinct seasons and spectacular summers. However, I could live in a plastic shack outside of town where I wouldn't be bothered, if the weather was the only thing I had to deal with. The people, on the other hand, are irksome. For a city half the size of Seattle (that's only Seattle, not surrounding areas) there is a high crime rate and a high rate of pedestrian fatalities. People are NOT out walking around or riding bicycles. The drivers are very aggressive, horrific red light runners and they follow too closely, not allowing anyone to change lanes. The drive extremely slow when entering the freeway, sometimes causing traffic to swerve or come to a near-complete hault. The people complain about traffic, yet it only takes 10-15 minutes to travel to most places. 1/2 hour commute is really horrible, in their opinion. There is an extreme meth lab problem - one of the worst in the nation. People are still wearing pastel, patchwork jean jackets. Most of the men (and women) have mullets and bleach their hair blond. There is a trailer trash atmosphere. There is a high instance of poverty, home foreclosure and child abuse. In addition, there are no decent jobs. I've found it is more difficult to get a job with an education, because there are many people who've lived here for dozens of years and have experience. The bosses I've had were short-lived, fundamentalist and nit-picky. They do not like to train employees and they are very hoity-toity. Then, we get to the part where there is absolutely nothing to do here, unless you like joining a pool or bowling league. Try going to the Spokesman Review online and look at how nasty the people in the forum are. It's terrible. They are prejudice and mean. My advice is that, unless you are retired or a student, DON'T COME HERE! This is only my opinion, of course, after I lived here as a child and returned as an adult. I came with an open mind, but the place is wearing me out. If you are a multi-cultural individual who enjoys mind expansion, Spokane will not fulfill you. Also, I will add that the television commercials pretty much speak for Spokane: Payday loans, Rent-to-Own Stores, Anyone Can Qualify auto & computer loans, Title Loans and Credit/Debt Counseling Services. They play these commercials OVER AND OVER AND OVER endlessly. There are some rich, snobby people here, too, and they are the ones taking advantage of the poor with their title loan/payday loan businesses.