I believe my opinion here counts. I was born & grew up in NJ. I lived there for 32 years. I had good memories of growing up, the Jersey shore was the best. I do miss the amusement parks...somewhat (more on this in a moment) and a lot of good people. My wife's and my family all still reside there and we go visit for every major holiday from our new home in South Carolina. The fact is that NJ is now just a bedroom for NYC. I sadly read another post where he called NJ'rs materialistic. I cringed because I knew he was right. Little Mini-mansions put on every poker chip size landmass are abounding. All the forest and woods when I was a kid are gone. The population is out of control and the drivers suck. You cannot pump your own gas and now I know what a foolish childlike thing that is. The tools are the worst in the nation and nothing less than highway robbery. They had been promising to removed the GSP tolls for about 20 years now! It is stressful and agitating, and will rip the soul out of you. Only people from NYC would think NJ is the sticks now and move there. After living away from NJ for 5 years now I realize how bad it has really gotten. From the moment I go over the border I get someone tailgating me, massive traffic, traffic jams, unable to pump own gas with rude attendants who take forever, tolls (lots and lots of em), poorly maintained roadways, factories, plastic people and plastic women (especially young girls trying to illustrate how much ass they can show you), stop and go constantly (I have never seen so many lights and stop and go traffic), Quick checks-Dunkin Doghnuts-Wawa-7-11!! How many stores can you have in one place!? And every iota of land is beimng built upon. Usually the Mini-mansions I referred to. A HUGE house with basically no land because the people in NYC and NJ just keep having more babsies and spewing out into the rest of the country. I should know, I am one of em. I at least had the common sense to move away from the toilet NJ has become. I just pray for my family sometimes in that harsh place. Unless you have lived elsewhere you will not KNOW the toilet NJ has become. I am sad to say this, it is after all my home state. If it were not for my family I would NEVER go back. Oh by the way, yes there are some nice places in NJ, I explored it from top to bottom. The Pine Barrens, the Water Gap and Willowood are wonderful, but of course getting there sucks (roads, tolls, stop and go, and stop, stop, stop) and now it is overpopulated and people are putting grafitti and trash in the woods. To all up there, I wish you all the best. If you love it there, cool. But make sure you pay attention to your blood pressure.