On parking: Parking is a bitch in L.A. You will pay for parking basically every time you leave the house unless it's the grocery store, if you find parking at all. Add $10-15 in parking for any random outing or date for the most part. But parking alone isn't enough of a reason to bash an entire city like this, it's just the way things are. SUPPLY and DEMAND. Too many people here because it is such a great place, too many cars, more cars than parking available. Watch out for street cleaning days on residential streets, the parking tickets sure do add up. It's enough to cry about...not it doesn't reach the point of hating L.A. On weather: I always thought it'd be even hotter out here. In reality it's not hot here ever. It's pleasant, sunny and warm most of the time. Not hot enough in my book. 70s, sunny, most of the time all the time. On Rain: When it rains in L.A., it's like a local catastrophe. Very amusing. It's like a snow storm day in other normal states, traffic greatly diminishes as folks stay home due to the rain. There are more car accidents than usual. There's inadequate draining and water all over the place, since rain isn't frequent. On beaches: A beach is always beautiful, but I will concede that there are better beaches out there in the world. The water in the Pacific is cold as $#@$ and really not worth going into, it will chill you. That was a big disappointment since I didn't realize it'd be so damn cold. On Shopping and Restaurants: Anything you wan to eat at any time of day. Again, not having money will severely limit you and drive you to hate the city that offers so much, but is always outside of your reach. Perfectly understandable. From Rodeo drive snot shopping to trendy chic stores to cheap thrift stores and other vintage outlets, this is a place to go nuts in. Try to save some money for the essentials, though, such as food and shelter. On the film industry: One would want to say that the film industry is everywhere, and it is, but there are plenty of people who have nothing to do with it and want nothing to do with it. There are plenty of losers here who haven't made it and who are never going to make it, either as actors, writers, director-wannabes, etc. The film elite who have made it may as as regular people and integrate themselves among the common masses. The upside of the film industry here, obviously, aside from recognizing your hometown in every music video and seeing it as the settings in most films is that all the wannabe hot actors/models (affectionately known as MAWs model-actor-waiter/ess) make for hot waitstaff to most any restaurant you go to. And beautiful people are always a good thing. 