Whoever gave this one star is a blockhead who has never been to Antalya. This is quite possibly, my most favorite place on Earth. Antalya is in the southwestern corner of Turkey on the Mediterranean. The Taurus mountains lie right behind it. Antalya is what you would expect of a tropics climate. Richly scented citrus trees line the streets and quaint beaches and parks can be found all along the coast with lush greenery and tropical foliage. The most popular beach is Konyaalti near the old city. Recent rennovations and additions of restaurants and shops along the beach have made it the must be place during tourist season. It is actually quite nice looking and the restaurant and bars are good quality. There are also some spectacular resorts here, the most famous being the World of Wonders which includes replicas of St. Basil's cathedral in Moscow, the Kremlin and the White House. There is also a Titanic resort. As with the rest of Turkey, most of the tourists are Germans and Russians with English and Americans being quite rare. This is suprising as hotel and restaurant rates are very reasonable. I was introduced to the manager of Joy resorts who said the going rate for rooms at his resort were $40 US dollars in the spring! And this was a beautiful resort with a huge pool, beautiful beach and lush gardens all over. The one drawback to Antalya would be the extreme heat in the summer. It can easily get above 100 degrees with terrible humidity in July and August. My sister-in-law who lives there found her fish floating dead in its' bowl last summer due to the incredible heat. Best to avoid in late summer or be sure to find a place that has air conditioning. September is the best time to go with June being a close second. March and April can be rainy as we discovered during our stay. Antalya is also very close to Aspendos, Perge and Side which are excellent Greek and Roman ruins. Side is a bit touristy, but the scenery is splendid and Aspendos, a Greek built amplitherater still hosts shows and musical acts. For the price, Antalya is an incredible deal and once you spend a day on a beach in the Mediterranean, you'll never want to leave. Highly recommended.