Venezuela is a beautiful country with stunning landscapes that are a must-see for every photographer or anyone who enjoys nature. The amazing thing about this country is that it hosts all types of environments, from snowy mountain tops (Pico Bolivar in Mérida), jungles that are home to exotic, rare creatures (spectacularly colorful birds especially), plains and swamplands where nature is astonishingly untouched, to the ever so famous coastal regions with remarkable beaches that you can't find in any other part of the globe. Venezuela includes 4 islands, 2 of which I've been to and would definitely recommend to anyone interested. These include Margarita (which is accessible by plane or ferry) and los Roques (which is a national park archipelago of exquisite beaches of the clearest water and cleanest sand you're bound to find anywhere. The vast bird and fish populations and the fantastic scenery which promises the best photos on a clear day, especially from the airplane which offers a breath taking view of the entire archipelago, are natural wonders). The climate is fantastic year round, around 20º to 30º Celsius (not in the Andes, but basically everywhere else it is), but it feels like its much warmer with the humidity. Venezuela is famous for its food which is delicious and exotic and heavily reflects the Venezuelan culture and history. Empenadas, pastelitos, tequeños and the like are found in bakeries which are prevalent in the capital, Caracas, and throughout the entire country. The national dish, pabellón criollo, is a local delight consisting of rice, beans, meat and fried plantain, which sounds simple but is cooked and served Venezuelan style. The desserts are equally tasty as Venezuela is famous for its rich chocolate (better than European chocolate, in my opinion) and coffee. Also everything is cheaper now than a few years ago with the economic instability, so you can get a great deal for your money if you have dollars (not at the official rate, of course). Gasoline is luxuriously cheap (not to mention everything else that isnt imported)! The people are friendly and welcoming, though, like any country, not everyone is. The music of Venezuela is a pleasant, refreshing change to traditional rhythms of cuatros (a guitar with four chords), maracas, brass instruments and percussion. If youre interested in collecting souvenirs, there are so many hand-painted, colorful wooden items, from animals to miniature towns and people. The jewelry is very youthful and tastefully colorful with an indigenous vibe about it. Its a great experience to vacation there, or even live there, and Im certain there is some aspect of Venezuela that appeals to you (from the variety in climate to the choices in activities you can engage in: snorkeling, scuba diving, parasailing, hang gliding, mountain climbing, hiking through the many trails in the national parks, etc. but with sights that are unique and beautiful).