Connecticut is a better then average state- Comparing it to Florida or California is like comparing apples and oranges. All of New England is a 'nation' and in that nation there are differences. Connecticut is highly urban, compared to New Hampshire, Maine or Vermont. While Boston has more 'action' the people can be stuck up- to say the least, but its funny the natives are more friendly then the newcomers. Providence is a nice small city as well- which offers more nightlife- but it also tends to 'close rather' early. There are to be sure gritty landscapes in CT such as those in Groton or Hartford- however one must look below the grit and seemingly there is much to be found. A low crime rate, good schools, much culture, a pretty shoreline and coast, and affordable housing costs for its location (Fairfield county excluded). There is great diversity as well. Places like New-London/Groton are indeed known as a 'blue collar' area- EB is the reason for that, but go to the New Haven area- many professionals, or the greater Hartford area- again many highly educated professionals- or the Gold Coast- intellectuals abound. The state overall ranks in the top 10 for those at least carrying a B.A degree. If you are looking for a single man or womens mecca- with throbbing non stop excitement- perhaps this state does not offer that. The people are not so friendly on the surface- but from the years I have been here they warm to you later on, and its not so hard to meet people that will remain your friend for years. No place is perfect. The Boston area which I love- has some of the worst attitude I have ever seen- and is very expensive. While Vermonters are not materialistic and will bend over backwards to help you. Coming back to Connecticut has been wonderful- just compare this state with quality of life issues (crime, education, human rights, worker safety, services for children and the elderly, consumer protection, womens and gay rights, protecting the envirionment) and complain may you will, the state is better then most. For 'pure pop ratings', MONEY magazine voted 4 towns in Connecticut as among the best to live in nationwide- one was Tolland county-east of Hartford by 20 miles near the so called 'quiet corner' in eastern CT (rated #29) which has housing prices substantially below the national average. Others included New Milford (western part of the state) Colchester, and toney but super high cost Greenwich. 