Ok, I have read many good reviews and many bad reviews of my fair city. Most of the people who have given bad reviews say things that are very ignorant or based on no real facts. I've seen everything from the people are rude to there is nothing to do. True, some people are rude, just like any city. But can you really rely on some else's opinion when they say something like this: What's left is a Rust Belt dump with the stupidest, most provincial citizens I've ever had the mispleasure of knowing. No active culture, no arts scene, PATHETICALLY BAD nightlife-- a sh!thole!! If you are going to rip on something, at least dont make up words like mispleasure. I think you looking for the word displeasureanywayno active culture? No arts scene? Wow. There are 4 museums that are part of the Carnegie Museum. (Art, Nat. History, The Warhol and the Science Center.) Not to mention the Mattress Factory, Heinz History Center and Sports Museum, The Childrens Museum, Phipps Conservatory (which is doing major renovations as we speak), SPACE Galleries, Wood Street Galleries, Future Tenant, 937 Liberty, Show Here, Watercolors Gallery, Manchester Craftsmens Guild Gallery, 707 Penn Gallery, Urban Space, and Artists Upstairs. Oh, and those last eleven (YES, ELEVEN!) galleries that I listed, yeah, they are FREE art galleries. That is a total of 21 art/culture centers in our city. And they are growing. If you ask me, that should constitute some sort of an art scene and, yeah, I guess there is some culture in thereIm not sure. We also have many theaters in something ironically named The Cultural District. There is the Byham Theater, the OReilly Theater, Heinz Hall, the Benedum Center, the Harris Theater, Cabaret at Theater Square (our newest theater), the Pittsburgh Playhouse of Point Park University, City Theatre, Melwood Screening Room, Manor Theatre, Squirrel Hill Theatre, and the South Side Works Cinema has 3 screens of its 10 screens devoted to Independent films. Thats 12 theaters I can name off the top of my head. As for no active night life, I say read my review of East Carson Street and you might change that thought: http://www.pps.org/gps/one?public_place_id=780 It always drives me nuts to hear people say there is nothing to do in Pittsburgh. If you would just get off your lazy butt and explore the city, maybe you would have something to do. I bet people who have this opinion didnt really have someone who KNEW the city to guide them. Or they never actually came here. I bet if you had someone who knows what they are talking about, then you would find Pittsburgh a little more attractive. It has its problems (our city is broke; our public transit is in shambles because it is also broke) but what city doesnt? Im not sure what people want, but we arent New York or London, nor will we ever be. But we are who we are and Im proud of my city. So anybody who hasnt been to Pittsburgh and you read all of those bad reviews, ignore them and see it for yourself. Pittsburgh Links: http://www.pgharts.org/ http://www.carnegiemuseums.org/carnegie/index.htm http://www.pghhistory.org/ http://pittsburghsigns.org/ 