Here is another stellar example of people who consider themselves progressive in their thinking giving no credit to any state or group of people that does not fall into line with their stereotypical view of what meets with their approval. They have no tolerance for any lifestyle that does not fit the mold of their criteria. At one time Mississippi was a prime example of bigotry and backwards thinking but in the last 35 years it has taken significant steps to correct its mistakes and no longer ignore people in need which includes a large number of minorities. The Division of Community Services provides a range of services to some of the most vulnerable citizens who are economically disadvantaged. The programs are designed to alleviate both the causes and effects of poverty. Some of these programs include Community Services Block Grants, the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, and the Community Food and Nutrition Program. The Division of Economic Assistance promotes self sufficiency and personal responsibility. Programs within this heading include the Responsible Fatherhood Initiative, which assists fathers in assuming responsibility for the nurturing, growth, and development of their children, and other services which range from adoption and medical care to food stamps. Mississippi has given us such well known people as Jimmy Buffett, Jim Henson, Faith Hill, James Earl Jones, B.B. King, Walter Payton, Elvis Presley, Charlie Pride, Leontyne Price, William Raspberry, Tennessee Williams and Oprah Winfrey. Mississippi is a state that depends heavily on agriculture. It employs 30% of the population in that field, has 11 million acres of farm land and is a 5.6 billion dollar industry. The egg business alone does $1.59 billion per year. The state also produces billions of dollars worth of forestry related goods, cotton, soybeans, catfish, cattle, corn, rice, hay and horticulture. There are 17 community colleges and technical schools and 16 universities. It was the first state in the nation to have a planned system of junior colleges. Home ownership is 72.3% and 13.1% of all business is minority owned and an additional 22.8% are owned by women. The first nuclear submarine was produced in Mississippi and Vicksburg houses the worlds largest hydraulic research laboratory. Litton Industries, located in Pascagoula, builds the Navy's most sophisticated ships and the state's 8 research centers has programs under way in acoustics, polymer science, electricity, microelectronics, hydrodynamics and oceanography. These true progressive steps forward are ignored by the liberal elitists and as long as progressive liberals insist on living in the 1950s in regards to how they preceive other people, they will continue to err on the side of obsolete stereotypical thinking and will also continue to prove that their lack of tolerance is exceeded only by their arrogance.