I have lived in the forgotten part of the state called western MA (413 area code) for my whole life (27 years). Western MA doesn't really exist according Boston except as a cash cow. Our taxes go up to pay for Big Dig (or the Big Leak) as well as any other project that really doesn't affect this area and any state-appropraited funds are a joke for cities and towns out here. Our car insurance rates are also subsidizing the polite, cautious, and proper drivers (sarcasm) in Boston and Worcester because when they complain insurance rates go up, western MA rates have to go up too. MA is the ONLY state where the state gov. sets insurance rates. That is why insurers bolted from here - there is no competition; no incentive to do business here. I mean, shop around and you'll only save $20-$50. The problem is the state goverment loves to make is super-expensive and super-difficult to run a business here, so it's all too common for places to close up and move to more friendlier states. When people are unemployed, they tend to go where the jobs are...and that's not MA. That's why this is the ONLY state that is dropping in population. If you can't work here, why stay? Historically, MA is a gold mine. Springfield is home to the nation's first armory which began under the authority of General George Washington early on in the Revolutionary War. This step was critical to American industrialization and the war. Springfield also plays host to the founding of basketball including the Hall of Fame, birthplace of actor Kurt Russell and the late children's book writer Dr. Suess, and headquaters of Merriam-Webester, Inc. The list goes on for other cities like Chicopee which is home to the Westover Air Force Base which is always called upon for various military operations including deployment and return of personnel for both Gulf Wars and tsunami and other natural disaster relief. MA in general is also known for the vast area of quality colleges and medical institutions. MA is really not that great unless you like history. Taxes are high, car insurance is astronomical, the winters are brutal, and the people are snobby and/or rude. Personally, MA is a stain in the New England region when compared to other near-by states (NH, for one). On a wider scale, MA is a cess-pool that's nice to visit, but you wouldn't want to live here. If the state didn't have so much rich history, I'd have rated it 1 star. 