The Amalfi Coast is a scenic delight (although driving along it can be a bit harrowing at times - more about that later). The pictures you may have seen in books or in movies really do it little justice. There are some really spectacular views along this stretch of coastline south of Naples. Great villages (Amalfi, Positano, Maiori, Minori, and numerous others) whose houses seemingly are grafted onto the hillside that rises from the ocean. Some of these towns tend to be pretty touristy, especially (or rather, almost exclusively) during the summer, when they can get just too crowded. However, it's a great place for watching people and for soaking up local ambiance. If you're thinking of hitting the beaches along this stretch of coast, you might be disappointed - they tend to be narrow and pretty pebbly - when the US Rangers landed in Maiori during WW II, the eseentially landed right in the town itself, the beach is so narrow. Food generally is good (although prices tend to be high, or at least they did when I was last there too long ago). Plenty of seafood, which is no surprise given the location on the water. If you like mussels, the spaghetti alle vongole (spaghetti with mussels) is great. You should be able to get good veal dishes as well. Local wines are OK (reds); ask for vino della casa (house wine) -it's always cheaper, and always passable. Don't worry too much about the language barrier - just about everyone in the hotel or restuarant business speaks at least rudimentary English (although you may run across some puzzling menu items, such as Choose fish insteead of Choice fish, or Spit mozzarella instead of Fried mozzarella - I really have seen those!). Driving can be traumatic along this coastline - the road hugs the mountain, and has a sheer dropoff towards the sea in many places. Guardrails are (or at least, used to be), somewhat in the nature of a suggestion, as the Italian would say, rather than anything substantial. There are plenty of curves (many quite sharp), and you may not get to see an oncoming bus until it suddenly looms from around a curve. It's easy to get distracted by the sights while driving as well. Blaring horns are common (if for no other reason than to give vent to Neapolitan exuberance). Italians will take suicidal chances when passing on this road at times. I sometimes thought that kamikaze pilots got their initial training here. Hopefully, I these comments have not discouraged any potential visitors to the Amalfi Coast - take a tour bus instead of driving yourself. The downside to that is that you can't stop where you please to just enjoy the sights and environment. All in all, this is a picture-perfect destination. Go there on a sunny day, enjoy the food, enjoy the vino, and enjoy life.