My whole family hated this park..DO NOT go there. We arrived at the park with our cooler ready to store in what the website called cooler lockers ($5.00)so we could eat it at the picnic area at lunch time. On the website map the picnic area looks green with trees and tables, but it was actually a concrete area enclosed with a fence and thinly shaded with some kind of netting. The netting didn't cover all the tables, and there weren't enough tables for everyone. We ate in the parking lot. :( The dressing rooms barely give you enough privacy to change. Most people went to the bathroom stalls and they were not very clean. Most of the rides are too scary for kids under 14 or too babyish for kids over 7. Raging Rapids was supposed to be a fun moderate ride. We asked employees if it was open,and they all said it was. We walked to the bottom of a long hill to find out it was closed. Why didn't anyone think to post a sign at the top of the hill to let us know it was closed? No raging rapids. The park has a no smoking policy, but I saw lots of young men standing around in groups puffing away. No one told them to stop. I saw one gentleman smoking a joint. Family atmosphere? So we decied to try High Extreme. All 4 of us stood in line together. I had already tried it, and I thought my girls could handle it. My 11 year old went down one slide, and I went down the other. I got to the bottom first (yes, I weigh considerably more than she does), walked to get out of the way and looked over my shoulder to find my daughter standing at the bottom of the slide because her raft was stuck. I yelled Sit down because I was afraid there might be someone else on their way down. Sure enough my older daughter was barreling down the slide. The lifeguard had allowed another guest to start before it was clear! My youngest sat down in time to get a foot in the shoulder and get bumped off the slide. Very scary! After that I decided to buy my girls an Icee. A young and unhappy woman slowly served us our drinks. I asked for a top and was told I could not have one because they did not fit. HUH? By now we had had enough. It was only 4:00, but we felt frustrated and disappointed. We decided ou hotel room would be more fun than this place. We are California residents and we will not be repeat customers. 