Six Flags Magic Mountain recently got all hyped up because they built X... the ride that came allittle too soon for it's time. It's closed All the time except on weekends I believe it's opened. And when it is open..6 hours queue. Then another new ride Deja Vu is closed often. Riddler's Revenge is probably the best ride there (that remains open) It's the world's tallest stand-up. Goliath, another new ride there.. But at least stays open, isn't anything to get excited about. Scream!.(exclamation mark included) is literally a parkinglot coaster, The parkinglot is still there... You can see the lines and everything, except the fact that the coaster is on top of it, no one can park there. It's a mirrored clone of Medusa at Six Flags Great Adventure. So Medusa is better. They also have Superman the escape.. which was a complete waste of money... 100 MPH 400 feet... but you never look down.. It's not as great as you'd think. Flashback is closed alot too. SFMM is just in a Coaster competition with Cedar Point so they are too busy focusing on trying to get more coaster then to try to open their existing coasters. Yeah, this is a great park.. But X just ruined it. Have to wait 6 hours for the best ride. For those of you who don't know what X is.. It's a 4th demension coaster, so you ride on teh side of the track. Then as an extra bonus... well a very big bonus. The seats rotate hence the 4th demension. Explanation of how it works. there are the inside rails of the track. Those are the running wheels.. they keep the train..well on the track. Then on the outside of the track... There is another set of rails. This moves a bar up and down on the train, which mechanicly rotates the seats. So If the bar gets raised the seats rotate so you look down. if it drops, you look up. If it drops to the bottom, or top you can do a complete flip. Adding to it the the track itself flips over to thet other ride at points. So this coaster basicly shows you that you can't tell where your going unless you've ridden it. Then you have an idea what happens. SFMM is in competition with Ceda Point for most coasters in the world. SO Magic Mountain doesn't have many flat rides. So come if you just want to ride coasters alll day (or wait in lineor coasters all day) The coasters are great and all,But way over rated. They are on coaster shows all the time gtting specials.. when they are really no big deal.