 Good morning/afternoon and welcome to Pearl Harbor depending on the time of day, these are the words I used to begin my tours back during my time as a Navy tour guide of Pearl Harbor and the Arizona memorial. I was actually a photographer's mate, but ended up being drafted to do this for about 6 months time. Little did I realize, before I received this additional assignment, that those months would provide me with some of the more rare and better memories of my Navy experience. Among these were the reactions I saw on the faces of the tourists and the occasional comments people shared following the tours. Nearly everyone who visited this beautiful memorial was genuinely touched. I especially remember with fondness an older Australian gentleman. At the request of his son, I had managed to work him and his family into the schedule for one of the longer more detailed tours. By the end of it, he was moved to tears and almost unable to talk as he thanked me. I thought, wow, I certainly can't take credit for this even in a small way. I can still see his face after all these years and will always be grateful that I was able to get them on that tour. I also remember a day I was sitting in for the guard while he went to lunch. They weren't letting people off the tour boats that day due to a misty rain, which caused the marble floors to become hazardous. So, I was alone on the memorial for about an hour's time. I don't know if it was because I was completely alone in what is actually a graveyard or if it was just because the day was so unusually gray for Hawaii, but the reality of the whole thing really hit me that day. As I thought about the devastation that occurred there so many years before it suddenly occurred to me that these were mostly very young people, around my own age (20) at the time. It made it all very personal and real. If you're ever on Oahu, you really should not miss this tour. Be sure to take the Navy sponsored tour too - the last I heard they're still the only ones who let you actually board the memorial.