Poland is a very underrated country in many respects. My comments are based on one trip to Poland in 1998, and fairly extensive study of the country. Poland has a long, proud, and at times agonizing history (probably little known to a lot of Americans, many of whom likely base their opinion of the country and the people on stereotypical Polish jokes). Throughout its many partitions and occupations, the Poles have retained an enviable sense of national identity, and the fact that it was Polish King Jan Sobieski who beat the Ottoman Turks in Vienna in 1683 should not be minimized or forgotten. The Poles stood up to Hitler in 1939 (unfortunately, they lost), and faced down the Soviets in the 1980's (more than can be said for other countries in WW II, or for the Czechs in 1968 when they let the Russians walk all over them). Ultimately, it was the Poles who caused the downfall of Communism in Europe. OK, enough of the historical background. Poland today is one of the staunchest supporters of the US (check their record on military involvement in everything from Kosovo to Iraq). The Poles are smart (despite stereotypes to the contrary), tough, and industrious. Based on personal observation and expereience, the food is good (not all potatos and sausages, as claimed by a previous reviewer); plenty of wild game, such as venison and wild boar, as well as good soups, and halfway decent pastries. The vodka (again, contrary to the same previous reviwer) is among the best, if not the best. I just wonder where the other reviewer ate and drank; maybe it was in a soup kitchen. The countryside can be somewhat monotonous (plenty of farms everywhere); Warsaw is sort of drab for the most part, except for the astounding job the Poles did in restoring the Old Town area (completely destroyed by the Germans in their WW II urban renewal craze). Lublin, the only other major city I got to visit, was not very exceptional, but was pretty clean. Driving in Poland in 1998 bordered on the insane on the major highways (too many cars, as a result of new consumer prosperity after the fall of Communism), and not enough lanes to handle the traffic. But, there are worse drivers in Europe. Hotels (actually only stayed at one for the week) was outstanding, as were the buffet breakfasts. Staff all spoke English and were extremely polite and helpful. Polish women, especially the young, were extremely stylish and well-dressed (and great looking). Lots of respect for the military (deservedly so, and if you're thinking of some Polish joke in this regard, I suggest it would not be advisable to tell one to a Pole who is in the military). Churches are everywhere; almost anywhere you travel there is a church steeple in sight or, if not, there is likely to be a roadside shrine in evidence. Language can be a problem outside of Warsaw (i.e., not much English spoken in '98, may be much better now as many kids in elementary and high school are taking English). Most of the people I met were very hospitable and friendly (but I had the advantage of traveling with a native Polish speaker). I rated Poland this high because I think the country taken as a whole merits it, although it may not be high on the list of travel destinations for a lot of people. Jeska Polska!