About New York State 1) needs better leadership at both the state and local level 2) Very divided State, downstate vs. Upstate ''About the Buffalo region 1) has a lot Polish people 2) has been losing population for over 30 years, about 200,000 since 1970 3) the people there are very proud of their area 4) the girls are nice, but the guys can be annoying with their tough guy act. 5) Buffalo likes to be associated with Rochester because it is actually a growing region''About the Rochester region 1) Don't always believe everything a Rochester person says about their region. They tend to stretch the truth. For example,the Coldrush magazine that Rochester puts out every year says: Rochester is the 38th largest urban area in the country. Sorry, 51st largest is more like it. 2) Rochester tends to look down on other Upstate cities and thus they can become annoying with the hype of their own city 3) a lot of young guys in Rochester seem like clones of each other. So it makes it easy for me to tell if a guy is from Rochester or not. ''About the Syracuse region 1) a lot of bad leadership. You know like small thinkers, focused being re-elected rather than creating a better community. 2) the focus on the natural environment is a little extreme. 3) the 90s were a bad decade to live there, but the Syracuse region is starting to grow again 4) has a lot of summer fesivals and year around sporting events for a metro of only 735,000 ''About the Albany area 1) Saratoga County attracts a lot of east coast transplants, therefore it is the fastest growing county in Upstate 2) Since the Albany area attracts more people from downstate and other east coast locations, it tends to be less friendly than Syracuse or Rochester. 3)Albany is a government town, (where in Buffalo and Syracuse are sports towns) 4) Due to the better economy, Housing prices are higher than the other Upstate metros. Outside of those metros, the rest of Upstate is rather isolated and small townish. ''About downstate, it speaks for itself. Most people know about the largest city in the country.