Massachusetts is an awesome state. No other state can hold a candle to it's richness in history. It's towns and cities are very scenic with great archetecture and nice homes with decent sized yards unlike the rancid cookie cutter development on the west coast. Cape Anne is beautiful with it's rocky shores, lighthouses, and fishing village character. Cape Cod really does have some of the worlds nicests beaches and much of it is unspolied with Cape Cod National Seashore. The North Shore of Boston is great with charming towns like Newburyport, Ipswich, and Salem with a number of houses dating back to the 1700's, beautiful green marshland, and wonderful sandy beaches. I love the quintesential New England character in all the little towns with the old houses and town commons. The food selection in Mass is wonderful with great seafood, Italian restaurants, Irish Pubs and a lot of Mom and Pop joints with less chain restaurants than most states. Western Mass is very pretty with rolling green hills and college towns like Northampton that resemble Vermont. Then there are the world famous islands of Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket. Both have outstanding beaches, quaint little villages and a character not found anywhere else. Boston is one of America's great cities with loads of history, world renound universites like Harvard and MIT, grand archetecture with lots of brick and a very European feel. Boston is reeking with atmosphere. Unfortunately the cost of living in Mass is astronomical on so many levels. Real Estate, healthcare, insurance ranks among the highest in the country. Politics here are beyond corrupt with monumental amounts of wasted taxdollars on projects like the Big Dig. As a result the tolls collected on the roads approching Boston are very high, on par with New York. Taxes and tolls are high here which is unjustified as the roads throughout the state are in horrible condition. Yes it is true the people in Mass are not very polite or friendly but if you break the ice with them and get a conversation going you'll find these people are very genuine and passionate. Massachusetts can be a very difficult place to live but is a great place to call home. 