I love Parliaments. Before I started smoking, a lot of my friends smoked Newports and Marlboros. I was introduced to Parlies by a roommate I had that would smoke Marlboro Ultra Lights, but then would get P-Funks when she was stressed. I am a menthol smoker myself, I started on Parliment Menthol Lights in the green and gold box (the box has since changed). The recessed filter is nice because it doesn't get all soggy and I think allows for unobstructed sucking. I've smoked American Spirit Green and Whites (menthol) with the flavor crystals in the filter, and that seems like I am sucking against resitance and not getting any smoke (I've noticed Newports do this, too). Parlies let me take in a ton, cuz I like to inhale a lot. The only thing that sorta sucks is when you are in the car especically, if you don't have a good grip on it, they have a greater tendency to fall out of your fingers because the filter doesn't let you squeeze. I've also got in the habit of blowing out the filter before I light it to get rid of the pixilies of tobacco. I've noticed others do this as well. What is the best, though, is the taste: distinctivly smooth but not weak. I've always thought it had sort of a vanilla-y aroma to it that left my fingers smelling good, too. I really enjoy the full-flavors, too, and they are a perfect step up from the lights. I smoked Kools for a while because they sell at about $2.80 at some gas stations, and I really am impressed with the taste but they give me like wheezy/itchy lungs after I smoke a pack or so, plus the box/stupid soft packs tends to fall apart in my purse and I lose a bunch. Parlies don't do this, my throat is good, and the box is very sturdy. After they changed the packaging to the more modern bright blues and greens last year (and did palm tree graphics around the filter last summer), the lid doesn't rip away at the hinges. I can have a box in my purse for like 2 weeks and it will still be good. I just wish Parliment did menthols in the buy-one-get-ones, otherwise I'm payin' full price.