Washington, home of the morons... W A S H I N G T O N S _ C K S ! ! ! Washington has one of the worst unemployment rates in the nation. Originally it was stated that this area would not recover until the middle or end of 2004. Now they are saying they do not expect it to recover until 2005!! What a wonderful place to live, wouldn't you say!!! Only a moron would to want to live in or around the Seattle area, or anywhere in Washington for that matter!! This place S_CKS!!!! The people are rude, selfish and completely stuck on themselves (not sure why, as they are NOT very nice looking)... not to mention complete morons. They do not know how to drive... they will scare the sh_t right out of you. I used to love to drive until I move up here. I hate to drive now! Actually, one of the major problems is that you do not get the opportunity to drive! The majority of the time you sit in your car creeping along at a snails pace!!! I certainly would not call that driving, you Morons!!! The traffic is worse than anyone could ever imagine!! It takes 1 1/2 hours for a 12 miles commute. So, if you happen to be one of the fortunate people who still has a job... 3 hours out of everyday you work, you can kiss the hell goodbye. I do not know about you, but I know I do not have enough time in a day to waste 3 hours sitting in traffic! I guess the morons here do not have anything better to do!! There are only 23 FM radio stations to choose from here. None of which are any good. I used to love to listen to the radio while driving. Now, most of the time I do not even turn the radio on. If you like the sunshine, even a tiny little bit... do not move here. Here are some averages taken from NOAA: Annual rainfall: 38.27 inches Precipitation days: 155 days Cloudy days: 226 days Partly cloudy days: 82 days Clear days: A WHOPPING 57 DAYS!! Seattle ranked the 9th highest metropolitan area for auto theft in the nation. Washington ranked the 2nd highest taxed state in the nation. Paying taxes in Washington is like flushing money down the toilet. Washington state has the distinction of being one of the worst states in the union in the area of tax fairness because the system is so regressive. The lowest 20% of taxpayers contribute nearly 18% of family income to state taxes, while the top 1% contribute less than 4% of family income, and the next 4% contribute less than 6% of family income to state taxes. The system relies vary heavily on excise taxes and property taxes. There is no income tax, there is no tax on intangibles. Even those taxes which are levied suffer from a narrowing of the tax base due to many exemptions and deductions. Wealthy citizens retire to Washington State where their taxes are among the lowest in the country while business and the poorer people pay more than their fair share. Nevertheless, it does work -- at least it raises enough money to limp along. Everyone pays something towards the services we all need, including the poorest. Need I continue? Do yourself a favor.... really think about it before packing up all of your belongings and moving up here. WASHINGTON S_CKS!! 