I've lived in and visited a multitude of cities in my lifetime, both in the U.S. and abroad. After living in Seattle for eight years, I have truly come to hate this place. Look at the people who like it; comments such as helesweet, nirvana is from here and I like eating salmon should clue you in to the fact that this city pines to be something that it is not; a true city. Although people have the impression that Seattleites are nice, it is a superficial and robotic niceness that has led to an incredibly passive-aggressive population from holding in their true feelings for so long. Seattle's political correctness is nauseating, resulting in China Town (which it is called in Chicago, Boston, San Francisco, and New York)being renamed the International District, or ID for short. Although pedestrian safety is important, these people have come to believe that the roads are strictly for them, clogging traffic at every stop light; a person could literally rot to death waiting to turn through a cross-walk here because of their slug-like walking speed and self-rightous attitude toward vehicles. In addition, the city has installed red flag stations in some locations so pedestrians can hold them in the air as they cross the street. However, don't try and be efficient by crossing against the walk signal should there be nary a car in sight, otherwise the police (who are quite bored with a-here's something positive-low crime rate) will write you a ticket in a heartbeat. Now let's talk about the driving. I'm not sure if it's the water or what, but these people are by far the worst drivers in the nation. I don't mean a Boston bad either, which is actually quite efficient, but a lethargic, plodding bad that is one of the biggest reasons for their traffic woes. Merging at 30mph; driving 45mph in the fastlane when the speed limit is 60mph; waiting to turn right at a cross-walk until every last person has stepped onto the opposite side of the street; the list goes on...they are absolutely horrendous drivers, and I cannot emphasize this enough. Adding to this problem is the fact that their solution to a lack of public transportation is to add a thousand half-empty buses to the streets. After many years of analyzing and re-analyzing the situation (coined the Seattle Way) the city has finally started construction on a light-rail system; only one line but hey, that's a big step for this city. Moving on. Seattle tries to put out two newspapers when they don't write either one. Their papers are paste and cut operations that write some of the local and sports sections but take most of their substance from the New York Times, Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times, San Francisco Chronicle and the Associated Press. I once read a quarter page article in the Seattle Times declaring Seattle to have some of the smartest inhabitants in the nation; there were six contributors to this quarter page article, but at least they wrote it themselves. In general, the people tend to resemble pasty-faced, double-tall decaffeinated lattes...lots of fluff but no character. Be careful at sporting events as they tend to resemble nights at the theatre here. Nothing wrong with nights at the theatre, but sitting on my hands and talking as if I'm at the library is not my idea of a fun sports environment. Let's see, I'm sure I'm forgetting something...Oh yes. Unless you have multiple piercings, tattoos, purple and/or green hair and think America sucks, you probably won't fit in, at least not in the urban centers of Seattle. Your best bet will be to head towards more normal areas, such as Bellevue and Kirkland on the eastside. It tends to be somewhat Ken and Barbi'ish, but it beats getting panhandled every ten feet. I will definitely be following Boeing's lead (even their darling, loyal company's headquarters had to eventually move to a real city) as soon as the opportunity presents itself. However, I like to end things on a positive note, so here you go. The weather is very moderate througout the year; less rain than people think with no extremes. Quite pleasant. Both the landscape and skyline are very nice looking; mountains, water, and gleaming high-rises mesh to remind one why its nickname is the Emerald City. In addition, the violent crime-rate is quite low. Finally, although the housing market is getting out of hand, rents are still relatively affordable. So there you have it, a beautiful city with a multitude of little problems that will eventually eat away at anyone who has experienced a real city. If you question that statement or have never been to one, than Seattle may be the place for you. 