Washington is a gorgeous state with maginficent scenery. Everyone knows that. It's got great National Parks like Mt. Ranier and Olympic National Park with some of the most impressive coastal and mountain scenery anywhere. The most beautiful trees and forests are here and all the greenery is very complimenting. Springtime in western Washington is simply spectacular with a gradual bloom, flowering cherry trees, lots of tulips blooming, and countless shades of green everywhere you look. The weather really aint that bad and people need to get over that. Seattle has a stunning setting and an awesome skyline. The San Juan Islands are magnificent. These islands are a beautiful archepeligo with densely forested hills and mountains poking right out of the sea and very charming little towns. Aside from these physical superlatives Washington reminds me of the midwest with nice scenery. I mean that in the way of outside of Seattle and a handful of towns like Port Townsend and Friday Harbor, the state is full of depressing towns and cities. No quaintness, just basic archetecture and the timber industries that have left grose looking places like Aberdeen, Centralia, and Tacoma. Eastern Washington is quite nasty as well with one ugly town after another. The suburbs in the Seattle-Tacoma area leave a lot to be desired. Endless cookie cutter devlopment and strip malls. Here they build duplicate housing with little to no yards. Issaquah is a perfect example of this and it is such an eyesore. It is such a shame as this area has beautiful scenery in the foothills of the Cascades with dense forest and is now being dominated by rancid development. If I were to move to the suburbs and dropping a 1/2 million dollars on a house I would expect a fairly decent sized yard where kids can play and ride bicycles on the streets. These suburbs are not condusive to this kind of activity instead you get a house in plastic neighborhoods with your neighbor 15 feet away and Real Esate around there gets 1/2 million dollars and up for these places. Seattle is a beautiful city with a gorgeous skyline. It has the most scenic location for a metropolitan area that is wedged between water and mountains with lots of beautiful trees. Destinations like the San Juan Islands are awesome and the Cascade mountains are stunning to look at. Unfortunately it seems a good deal of the state is being ruined by poor development and much of is scarred by the timber industry either having left depressing ugly towns or cleacuts that look awful. Otherwise it's natural features are fantastic and is a good healthy state to live in, for now......... 