Paris is the most beautiful city in Europe, and possibly the most beautiful city on the planet. The people who rated it 'terrible' must be blind-or more likely have never even been there. Whether you're a poor student or a millionaire, you can have a great time here-if you come prepared. Paris isn't perfect, and it's worth noting its downsides-in a fair and objective manner. Parisian ARE unusually rude-to strangers. The flip side of this is that if you stay around and make friends, they will treat you like their long lost brother, ready to give you advice or help you out with anything you need, let you stay with them, loan you money, and generally treat you like a member of their own family. I find this a nice change from the robotic, undiscriminating, and often phony friendliness most Americans take for granted (as 'Lactose' notes below). Adjusting to a different culture, like adjusting to a different climate, takes time. If you only visit a few days you'll have to put up with the rudeness without appreciating the friendship; so if you can, plan to stay at least two weeks. Other things to keep in mind: The touristy parts of the city (the Louvre area, the Latin Quarter, the Champs Elysee...) get extremely crowded with tourists in the summer; but if you visit early in the morning, you won't have any trouble. In general though, fall is the best season to visit. Paris is situated in a basin (think LA) and so the air can get very polluted sometimes, but usually it's OK. Outside the main boulevards, the city is not built for car traffic. The combination of reckless drivers and narrow medieval streets can be unnerving, especially to a newcomer. Outside the tourist areas the signs are mainly in French, and-believe it or not-many people don't speak English (0:). So if you don't know the language, bring a guidebook. Aside from the things noted above, Paris is a great place to visit. If you speak decent French, have an interest in food, art, architecture or history (or just wine and women!), and know a few of the locals, you'll find Paris to be Paradise on Earth. 