I've never been there, and I understand that it's dirty, probably in part because of its antiquity, and partly due to the fact that most if not all of the world's large cities are dirty due to pollution and industrialization. Rome, regardless of one's personal beliefs, IS one of the world's most historically and culturally important cities, it's beyond questioning in my view. I consider myself to be a deist, I believe in God, but not really a member of any organized faith. If anything, I would probably be described as a lapsed Catholic, though my grandmother was a Baptist, and from The South as well. I have no problems with anyone's beliefs, could care less about them. What gets me about fundamentalists is not their doctrine, or their beliefs, but the fact that the topic they're writing about often has little to nothing to do with their faith at all. This is supposed to be a board rating Rome as a city, not a forum for one's religious opinion on things. Frankly, I have found that one of the most distressing things about commenting on this site is that it provides people with a safe, anonymous way of bashing others. There is a lot of crypto-racism and religious intolerance on this site, and sadly it often comes not just from 14 year olds or lunatics, but sadly enough from objectively good writers as well. This isn't a political thing, it applies to people on the left, in between, and right. Racism, Anti-Semitism, and other ills unfortunately flourish on RIA. I used to go down South and visit my grandma's relatives, and a great many people down there are wonderful people, in fact, you couldn't ask for more hospitable and friendly folks. However, there's an element down there who are stuck in 1902. Are there people in The North who suck, who are bigots and idiots? Of course, there are...But I have found that there is indeed an element who like to bash Catholics, I naively used to think that that particular prejudice was nearly dead, but it isn't. It pales in comparison to racism, Anti-Semitism, and other troubling matters, but it's still there. Leaving aside the recent scandals and what not, what infuriates me is the audacity that some of the evangelicals have, or the idea that they alone have the right to tell Catholics what to think. If you go up North, you will find that there are a great many ethnic Catholics- Irishmen, Italians, Polish, etc who, believe me, are not at all pleased to be preached to, or condescended to, or ridiculed. Don't buy into any fallacy that everyone up there is just some milquetoast liberal. Maybe there aren't so many different types of people in The Bible Belt, I feel they don't know what they're getting into. You will also find that as people in Boston, in New York, in Philadelphia, etc they are a hell of a lot more sarcastic and street smart than you may think, and brutally effective at handling insults than you might think- having little to no experience with them. I don't come from the turn the other cheek school Is it a one way street? No, but IMO I find that the stereotypical, Fundamentalist Protestants of the ilk of Hagee and others are a hell of a lot more prejudiced toward Catholics than vice-versa when it comes to religion.Let me tip you to a little something- the majority of Catholics in The North really don't care to trouble themselves with what YOU think religiously speaking. I won't even get into N.Ireland, where the relatives of many evangelical types, in The British Isles are largely, perhaps not solely, but largely responsible for the mess there and have produced absolute monsters like Paisley. Do I feel that I, myself, make mean comments about evangelicals sometimes? Yeah, I do, but at least I have the grapes to admit that sometimes I'm wrong, and I've been wrong before, and will undoubtedly continue to be wrong about things in the future. You gotta understand that, while there are fools, idiots, racists, and boors in The North as well,even though this is just a board, I don't come from a background where it's ok to have your ancestry or the religion of your family and friends insulted and condescended to. I am sorry to go on a rant like this, but I do feel that this condescending attitude toward Catholics and others is widespread on RIA, and I felt the need to get this off my chest. 