I love zoos, especially the Philadelphia Zoo (see my websites at http://ilovezoos.50megs.com and http://zoogoer.freeservers.com for proof). The Philadelphia Zoo is a 45 sq. acre park, small enough for visitors to see all exhibits in one visit, yet large enough to exhibit a lot of animals. Visitors can see most of the traditional zoo animals like lions, tigers, elephants, bears, giraffes, and zebras. The Reptile House is filled with snakes, lizards, alligators and crocodiles. Gorillas and orangutans live in the Primate Reserve, but unfortunately, there are no longer chimpanzees at the zoo. And there are only a few species of smaller cats still on exhibit. Overall, the Philadelphia Zoo is still wonderful, just not as wonderful as it was a few years ago when it was almost perfect. Five years ago, the zoo had 1800 inhabitants, had a wonderful variety of well-cared-for animals, and was doing a great job of renovating all the exhibit areas. Now, the zoo has reduced the number of animals to 1600, and the number of animal species represented is quite a bit less. Like most modern zoos, the Philadelphia Zoo is slowly evolving into an amusement park, replacing animal exhibits with rides, market places, and play areas. Until a few years ago, I could sit by Bird Lake and watch the pelicans, swans, ducks and geese. Now, throughout the summer, all I see are humans paddling around in Swan boats (a really unappealing sight!) A hot-air balloon has replaced a black-ibis exhibit -- another disappointment to me and to many loyal zoo members. The winding paths are still beautiful, but commercial signs spoil some of the scenic views by overbearingly advertising corporate sponsors. The Philadelphia Zoo, like many other zoos, is responding to animal-rights activists' criticisms by focusing on conservation and education, which, of course, could be very good things, if done correctly -- without turning the zoo into a commercial bureaucracy run by business people instead of people who love animals and who understand (and are willing to defend) the real value of a traditional zoo. I think the Philadelphia Zoo and other zoos are heading off in entirely the wrong direction -- a direction which could eventually cause zoos to become extinct. How ironic! 