I agree fully with what allie_cat2001 said regarding Gevalia. If people would just read EVERYTHING that is sent with the literature then they certainly wouldn't have problems or took the time to call and inquire with one of the really helpful agents that are always available 24/7 this would be alot better. I myself am an employee with Gevalia and deal with customers on a daily bases and I ALWAYS and I stress ALWAYS make sure that I inform the customer exactally how our program works and that at anytime they are in full control of their account in how they would like to have it set up. Also when placing an order weither it be via the phone or the internet ALL companies ask for a Credit Card number in order to place the order and if you are joining a membership once your credit card is entered into the system then that is the card that will be charged for FUTURE shipments UNLESS YOU(the customer take your credit card out of the system and be billed) Also I let the customer know that at any time they can cancel by just CALLING one of us to do this for them. At NO time in our program do we mislead our customers and we at Gevalia take great pride in helping the customer with their coffee or tea orders and to better suite their needs and what works better for them. I have been with Gevalia for some time now and I enjoy being able to help the customers and inform them of everything that goes on with their program, I as a consumer like you would certainly not want to be mislead into something so I therefore would not want to give you the customer the wrong information. We go through extensive training for Gevalia and if Gevalia feels that the agent is not suited for the floor at that time they work with us until such time we are ready. I think that what erks me the most is when someone puts Gevalia down and accuses us the AGENTS of not informing the customer about how the program works or that we charged their credit card without their authorization. Well it is not against the law if the customer has given their credit card in the first place we ALWAYS inform them that future shipments will AUTOMATICALLY be billed unless YOU call us to change your method of payment to a BILL ME!!!! I find that there are people out there who try to enroll SEVERAL times even though they are WELL aware that there is only one enrollment PER household so what do they go and do they reword their name or change their address a bit so that they end up with SEVERAL new FREE coffee makers and then have the nerve to call in and say that they never received their intro order and blast us the agents for not doing our work. When that customer calls and we put in the information to bring up their accounts we see more then one name at that address and THEY deny it. I think that we at GEVALIA give the customer 110% statisfaction and go above and beyond what most companies would do. We are always there for the customer and do whatever is humanly possible. On an overall note Gevalia is a very good company to be involved with and has been around for over 150 years and in United States over 25 years so we are not a fly by night company. If you would like to know more about Gevalia and how OUR program works go to our website and read the information before you JUMP the GUN. 