Alizé Cognac VS was recently ranked the world's best tasting VS Cognac. In August 2002, the Beverage Testing Institute of Chicago conducted a blind taste test sampling all the leading brands of VS Cognac. The judging was done by an independent professional panel of world-class tasting experts. After careful consideration, the experts selected Alizé Cognac The Best Tasting VS Cognac, beating all brands. The experts found Alizé Cognac to be smoother, less harsh and possessing a more attractive flavor than the other VS Cognac brands. The house of L&L, producer of Alizé cognacs, has a century-long tradition of fine winemaking. It is this level of experience and devotion to the art of blending Cognac which results in truly superior Alizé VS and VSOP Cognacs. Distilled in the only existing distillery in the heart of the town of Cognac, Alizé Cognacs are matured in oak barrels from the Limousin region of France crafted by master coopers, and gently aged in cellars on the banks of the Charente River. The delicately blended eaux-de-vie used in Alizé VS and VSOP represents the fruits of the five Crus of Cognac: Grande Champagne, Petite Champagne, Borderie, Fins Bois and Bon Bois. Alizé Cognacs are further distinguished in their use of the Folle Blanche grape, one of the oldest and rarest varieties in the Cognac's Vineyards. Multiple blending ensures perfect continuity of quality, in the tradition of Grands Cognacs. The tasting ages of Alizé VS and VSOP Cognacs are 6 and 10 years respectively - more than double the requirements set by the Bureau International du Cognac - and more than double than many of Alizé Cognac's major competitors. Alizé Cognacs are meant to be enjoyed in many ways. It can be savored in a snifter, on the rocks, or mixed up with soda, tonic, juices, or your favorite mixer. Tasting notes: Alizé VS: Multiple amber tints, floral aromas linden and violet with a round and fruity character. Alizé VSOP: Medium amber tints, a round and mellow Cognac with a rich violet bouquet, and toasted oak aromas. 40% Alcohol by volume 