Oh the Strohs 30 pack... Cape Cod, summer of 1988 on vacation fresh after high school graduation with 2 of my best friends form high school. It was near the end of our eweek of vacation, so all of the beer that we had brought with us on the trip was gone. Thanks to the 3 hairs on my chest and a horrible fake ID, yet the best in the lot, I was nominated to go into the package store (with the shirt off to epose my manliness) and buy the beer for the night. I walked out with 2 Strohs 30 packs. I got back into the van and my buddies were ecstatic, but thought 60 beers for us may be too much for the night. I told them we needed a place to stay and this fine brew would help us meet some nice young ladies that would put us up for the night. We sat in the van in a gas station parking lot for about an hour and unbelievably. we met 3 cool, really good looking and rich girls from CT, we went to some biker party on the beach and then were invited back to their condo on the beach and hung out and drank their Budweiser until it was gone and then began work on the 30 packs of Strohs. Boy that Strohs did wonders for us that night. All I remember is naked bodies running around on the beach in the middle of the night and all you could really see were tan lines and things bouncing in the shadows. On e of us, we will call him Sean fell off of a lifeguard stand (still naked) at least 15 feet down into the sand. Sean was also spotted in the sand dunes with nothing but his underwear around his head chasing a skunk pleading 'Hear skunkie skunkie skunkie...' The other fellow, we will call him Chris lost his virginity that night to a beautiful young girl. The narrartor of this story cannot remember a night of so much fun and luck to run into 3 great girls whoe were looking for the same thing the 3 of us guys were looking for. It was like a movie how the blond haired guy matched with the blond dumb girl, dark hair and smart with the dark hair and smart and the goofy light brown haired couple. There might have been 2 hours of sleep among the six of us total that night. We all spent the next day on the beach together having a great time and finishing off the Strohs. It was our last day on the Cape, so late afternoon we hopped in the van for our long trip home. We all promised those girls that we would keep in touch and visit that summer. That was not a lie at the time, but it just turned out that none of us guys ever talked to one of those girls agin. Kind of a sad thing that we never got together again, but I thank the Strohs 30 pack for making this typical 'every guy's' dream come true. That was the first week after high school graduation and made for a great beginning to one of my fondest summers ever... and I can in part thank Strohs for that.