Aiwa means awesome when it comes to audio and visual. I have an aiwa NSX-V2100 and it's lasted about 5 years! It is one cool system. I love what aiwa does with their sound. there's something about it that makes me very happy and in a party mood everytime I use an aiwa when I play my dance mixes! Aiwa is party,theater, car and portable audio pleasure!!! Go Aiwa!!! NSX SERIES:the NSX-D70 is one nice looking system with alot of features and great design! it is really intuitve and really nicely laid out. I got used to the interface in less than a minute! The controls feel really stable and the unit feels bulletproof and solid and stands out from the rest! and it uses a jog dial to switch modes which is really nice. it has 3 jog dials on the front one for volume,one for the input and operation function, and one that has multiple purposes. and the speakers look really nice with 4 drivers one each speaker. The system: first here's a breakdown of all the features included with the NSX-D70: AM/FM/TV Weather tuner Random Presets: 32 AM/FM Amplifier Output Power - Front/Main: 140 W/Ch CD Changer Type: 3-Disc CD Random and Repeat function CD-R/CD-RW compatible Continuous Playback D.I.N.A. - Dynamic Integrated Neo Amplifier Digital Synthesizer Tuner Electronic Graphic Equalizer: 4-Presets Front/Main Speaker System: 3-Way Full Logic Cassette Deck: Dual Full Logic Operation High-Speed Dubbing Jog Dial Operation Music Calendar: 20 Tracks Power Source: 120V Remote Control: Included the NSX-D70 when you first see it, it looks so easy... well it is!! I learned the controls right away... as with most of aiwa's products! and almost everything is donw with the three jog dials on the main panel.. which really cuts down on front panel clutter... Dimensions - Center Unit (WxHxD): 10-1/2 x 13 x 14-1/2 Dimensions - Main Speakers (ea.) (WxHxD): 10 x 13 x 10-1/2 now let's get to the main features ;) the audio output of this system is awesome! it has 140 W/Ch power with a 20HZ-20,000HZ freq. resp. and it has aiwa's exlusive super t bass for bass enhancement as well as 3 preset (rock,pop,classic) and one preset you can adjust yourself!! pretty cool huh?? and the bass really thomps!!!! I was really impressed and it really made me pleased!! how could they fit so much inside a mini system... wow mini's have come a long way!! and aiwa preactically invented the mini system!!! now let's talk about operation and options. this system's got plenty of options and if you want to find out more please visit aiwa's site at http://www.aiwa.com for more!! you can also check the list above that I have in this review! the rest of the operations are the same as most of aiwa';s mini hi fi's simple yet really advanced... and the 3 disc canger can even play cd-r's and cd-rw's so you can play your own custom mixes on the NSX-D70!!! inputs/ outputs RCA type The speakers: Front/Main: 140 W/Ch 3 3way bass refelx with twin ducts. Main Speakers (ea.) (WxHxD): 10 x 13 x 10-1/2 really ncie and great for thier size!!! I was really impreseed Hech I even walked 70 feet waway and it sounded the same as if I were close!! these are nice!!! ;) The conmclusion: one system that you gotta have no mater the room size and no matter the taste it has it all!!! Amount Paid (US$): 199 