Microsoft's large black and green box may not dominate sales, but must go down in gaming history as one of the most innovative systems ever created. Graphically, no other system to date is even close the the XBox; Splinter Cell alone is enough evidence for this. In fact, for almost every game released for all of the Big Three Systems (Xbox, Gamecube, PS2), the XBox iteration's graphics dominate the other two. The game lineup does not have the Grand Theft Auto star power that Playstation has, but the majority of good PS2 games are also available on XBox (I like to think that Halo offsets the GTA advantage for Sony). Sure, the XBox doesn't look quite as good as the PS2, but since when did the way a system looks on the outside matter? The PS2 controller also gets dominated by the XBox version; the latter possesses actual analog triggers as opposed to Sony's shoulder buttons , and the thumbsticks are much more responsive and ergonomically sound than the PS2's. And if it's too big for your puny hands? Get controller S, dummy! As for the weak who needs a hard disk, anyway argument, when was the last time you played Madden or All-Star Baseball on the PS2, got tired, and saved your game to resume later? The answer is never, because the PS2 makes you rely on overpriced memory cards which leave much to be desired when it comes to number of files you can save on each. Oh yeah, since developers know that every XBox possesses a hard disk, they can program games to store information on it to reduce load times, even render real-time environments and sound faster. Do you know what the term cache means? It means that the game automatically stores information it may need in the future on the hard disk to quickly load when it needs it, instead of loading directly from the game CD. Can your PS2 do that? Only in a limited fashion due to the absence of a hard drive. And even if you bought one of the rare, overpriced PS2 hard drives floating out there, games still would cache like they do on a PS2 without the peripheral-- because the developers know that very few PS2's have the hard drive. And the Xbox plays DVD's and CD's just like the PS2-- except with Xbox you can burn the CD's to the HARD DISK so you can listen to them during gameplay. Can your PS2 do that? Again, a resounding no . So there it is, kids; after careful analysis, there is no way a person of sound mind could ever argue the Playstation 2's superiority over Xbox, and now you know what to say if ever you have to defend your beloved Box against minions of Sony's evil empire. I call it Microsoft Apoplogetics .