Buying a Sony television was the worst purchasing mistake that I have ever made, and I owned a Chrysler K-Car. Before you entertain the slightest notion of purchasing a television from Sony, make one simple call to the Sony Direct Response Center at 1800-222-SONY(7669). At the prompts press 0 then press 4 then press 1 then press 2. At this point you are supposed to be connected to someone, anyone, who will help you with your problem. However, all you will get for your patience and number punching will be a busy signal, which is apparently a metaphor for the entire corporate response to Sony's defective merchandise. Listen to how Sony treated this valued customer. I purchased the KV-35V68 in February of 2000. I noticed that every now and again the T.V. replaced the regular programming with uninterrupted snow. The problem would eventually resolve itself so I assumed that I had simply pressed the wrong button on the keypad. By August of 2000 the condition became permanent and the T.V. needed to be repaired. I attempted to contact Sony through their 800 number, but was stymied by the busy signal. I desperately searched the owner's manual for another phone number while sharing with my wife a series of expletives that would have embarrassed Red Fox. In small type at the bottom of page 38 I found another number, needless to say it was not toll free. I went thought the phone routine and was put on hold for 20 minutes. In the end Sony told me that my limited warranty did not cover labor and they would not pay for labor (I was charged $300). After discussing the matter with several noxious attendants Sony finally agreed to pay half the labor costs. Only problem is that they had not paid their share by the time the T.V. repairman brought back the T.V. nearly a month later and I was required to pay their share before the repairman would put the chassis back into my T.V. To date neither I nor the repairman have received the money that Sony promised to pay and the T.V. repairman has held my check hostage until Sony pays up. I have no proof but I would not be surprised to find out that Sony is Japanese for Satan. Don't buy from them trust me, just say no.