I know the Razr V3 isn’t the newest of phones and that a replacement for it will be available soon; but I must say this. The Razr V3 black is the best phone I have ever owned. From its great features to its sturdy build, the Razr V3 may look fragile but looks can be deceiving. I have had my Razr V3 for nearly a month. Prior to owning the Razr I owned a Sidekick II and was a t-mobile customer. I gave into the Paris Hilton hype and got a Sidekick but after I bad service and a device that malfunctioned often I decided I needed to move on and I fell in love with the Motorola Razr V3. As many of you should already know the V3 is a super thin light weight and stylish phone. When you first get it you are afraid to hold it the wrong way in fear that you may break it. However the phone is sturdy and built well. I dropped mine, no I didn’t do it on purpose but she fell to the ground and after a few moments of desperation wondering if I scratched or broke the phone I decided to Pick it up and to my relief not even a scratch was on it. So the V3 is defiantly built to last and like I already said it may look fragile but looks can be deceiving and in the case of the V3 are deceiving. The phone also gets great reception and the call quality is good. People do not complain as much as they use to when I had my sidekick about not being able to hear me. I can also hear people better. The V3 also has a speaker phone that works really well. The V3 has a load of features; camera phone, dual display, video camera, voice recorder are just a few of the features available. Let us start with the camera. It has both still and video capabilities with a 4 x digital zoom. The picture quality is fantastic for a Camera phone and better than some digital cameras I have seen over the years but it still is just a camera phone. The video portion of the camera is good as well the video is clear and sound quality is good, but don’t plan to shoot any home videos with it. The most you will get is a 6 second clip. Perfect, for a Multimedia Message. Multimedia messaging allows you to send a Video message or a picture to a friend with another phone that has the ability to view pictures of videos. MSMS as it’s called is basically an upgrade to traditional text messaging, or as I like to call it. Texting on Extacy! There is also a voice recorder great for those of us with bad memories or if you need to take a memo really fast. The phone also has dual displays. What are dual displays? Well it just means the phone has two screens. The V3 is a flip phone so there is a small color screen on the outside and a larger screen inside. The outer display is shows the same information the inner display does. Both share the same background. The inner display is 176 x 220 pixel, up to 260K TFT Color, the inner display is 96 x 80 pixel, 4k CSN Color. The inner display is great for mobile gaming. I recently reviewed Crash Bandicoot: Tag Team Racing and was amazed at how bright the display can be and how fast the displays graphic accelerator was. Gameplay with the phone is easier than you think. You can use the navigation keys or number keys to play the game. The games seem to be pretty responsive to the controls. The phone is also Bluetooth enabled allow you to sync data with your PC or another phone via a Bluetooth connection or connect a wireless headset to your phone. I have tried the Plantronics Voyager 510 headset with the V3 and they work great together. I can get up to 100 feet away from my phone before any signal degradation. Now with any new phone a lot of people worry about the types of ring tones they can get on to their phone. MP3 or Poly is the question. With the V3 you can get either or onto your phone and if you purchase the Motorola Phone Tools software you can create your own ring tones. Before I end this review we must talk about the battery life. The V3 has excellent battery life. Up to 4 hours of talk time and 10 days of stand by time. I do not think I have seen my battery status go below three bars and I am one heavy talker. Another thing I have noticed about the V3 and its battery is that it doesn’t heat up. On my other phones after about half an hour of talking the back of the phone where the battery is and the ear piece would be hot. With the V3 there is no heating what so ever. Overall the phone is great and I have no complaints. I love the phone and would recommend it to everyone. So if you want a Razr V3 black head over to cingular and get one ?. 