The XP series form aiwa is the top of the line CD player series. It is one of the most succesfull selling portable cd player lines in the world. Aiwa has been running thier XP series for more than 15 years and they keep coming out with better and better models. The XP-MP3 is one of the most advanced personal cd players to come out and It can play the following formats CD/CD-R/CD-RW/CD-R w MP3/ and CD-RW w mp3. It does all those formats excellenlty.It also has aiwa's DSL(Dinamic Super Loudness) that electronically controlsthe bass level according to the audio input signal. It also can support up to 80 nested folders a disc. The XP-MP3 is also good with anti-shock and prevents skips before they happen. I really think that this line fo cd players is just excellant. I like what aiwa does with all thier products and they are the best when It comes to sound and vision. I just got the aiwa XP-V7250C and it is the best personal cd player I have ever tested. It is really cool. It has 48 sec EASS and it never skips with it on. and it uses less battery power when the anti shock is on! that is cool. and the bass in this thing is really good, it thomps!!! then eincluded headphones sound way better than most of the supplied headphones in partables. that means you don't have to find a better pair, they allready include a great pair of HP's!!! and mine included a car kit with a wireless credit card sized remote! that means I can control it form accross the room! The resume feature is really cool you can reume where you left off when you stopped the cd paly, as lonmg as you leave the disc in it! that rocks! this cd player is really cool and I love it!!!! Aiwa's products are of the highest quality!!! presonal review on unit:The XP-V7250C is one solid cd player, it features 48/12 sec E.A.S.S 3X antishock technology that makes the unit virtually skip free! In fact it never skips!! I love it!! sencondly the antishock uses less battery powerwhen it's on! The total batterly life for the V7250C is 32 hours with the EASS 3X in the 48 sec mode and 22 hours with it on teh 12 or off mode. that's cool how it uses less batt. power with the antishock on!! coolness! The sound: The sound coming for the XP-V7250C is really clear and clean the highs are sensitive and the bass is really powerful even with the DSL (dinamic super linear) bass boost off, turn it on and the bass really thomps! for headphones it has a huge amount of bass!!! the bass is acutally an eq thing that automatically adjusts the bass level according to the input signal level!! and the included headphones are really cool!!! The other features: the XP-V7250C has the cool headphones, the Car power adaptor, and a cute little credit card sized remote! it also has a car cassete adaptor for listenig over the car stereo!! so this thing is really made for the car! and the antishock and remote really makes it ready for the car!!! the remote really comes in handy if you have it connected to your home stereo and you want to control the unit accross the room!!! the remote works up to 15 feet away!! and aiwa is the only company who gives you a wireless remote with your portable cd player!!! that is sooo cool!!!! and the resume function is cool, if you have it on, and then stop the player, then turn it back on, it remues the cd playbackright where you left off! Last notes: the aiwa XP-V7250C is one cool portable cd player that has so many features I can't list here!!! You gotta hear and x-perience it!!!! Amount Paid (US$): 75 