RCA VR354 2-Head VCR I purchased the above model at my local PC Richards Son for $49.97 plus tax. I found it peculiar that this particular item wasn't on display in the store, despite of it's front page advertisement in a local circular. The salesman needed to retrieve one from the basement upon my request, at which point he exclaimed 'You know this is a piece of garbage, right?' I instinctively disregarded his beratement of his own product, and marked it up as an effort to simply sell me a more expensive model. I figured since I wasn't looking for a model with all the bells and whistles... (just one that would provide the minimum expected performance of any VCR placed on the market today: a viewable picture)... then this one should suffice. Unfortunately, upon opening the box following my return home... I suddenly realized that perhaps in this situation... I have gotten what I payed for... when I realized that there was no LCD allowing for the display of tape action (i.e. PLAY, REW, FF [solely on-screen]) This was a shortcoming I was willing to overlook... until I actually placed a tape inside. Even upon inserting the cassette, I realized that I was dealing with a substandard machine... by which the actual insertion/cassette acceptance mechanism was awkward and clunky... as opposed to the natural and smooth behavior observed with my former Japanese manufactured Sharp recorder... which had lasted me over 10 years. As soon as the picture displayed... I immediately assumed that I must have been dealing with a damaged cassette... but after testing several other cassettes that worked fine in my brother's VCRs... that this model definately earned it's positional standing as RCA's least expensive model: The picture was consistently jumping and there were static lines on both the upper and lower portions of the screen... both issues that were unsuccesfully resolves via tracking adjustments. In closing, my advice to you is to spend a few bucks more when shopping for a low-end unit, and perhaps stay away from American made units... you'll save yourself alot of hassle in the long-run. 