I was a Fleet customer for years and it was OK, not great but OK. Ever since the merger with BoA things are steadily going down. I've had a direct deposit for years and that meant 'free checking': no minimum balance, no per-check fees, NO FEES, FREE. Almost every month since the merger they charge me $10 maintenance fee. I called up and I was told it was error, they refunded the fees. Now, again they're charging me the fee, I've sent a message via the web to customer service and the lady replies: "Our records indicate that the monthly maintenance fee of $10.00 charged to your account was due to your daily balance on 10/31/05 fell below the minimum balance requirement of $750.00. Please note that maintaining a direct deposit does not avoid the monthly maintenance fee of $10.00 " BoA website: http://www.bankofamerica.com/deposits/checksave/index.cfm?template=check_myaccess In case the link doesn't work, it says that among several other advantages of having direct deposit: "No minimum balance required". And, by the way, it was what the other reps told me before. This lady didn't admin an error, but simply that it's normal, despite what their own website says. So, mark 1: horrible customer service. Mark 2, yes the overdraft fees are ridiculous. If you overdraw by few cents they hit you with $35 fee and often it's their own fault, red below. Mark 3, the web transactions take a lot longer than with Fleet before, and the money is not deducted from the account for several which increases the chances of accidental overdraft. With Fleet the amounts were deducted by next day so you knew what you had in there. I stopped doing automatic payments, I stopped using checks, I do all my payments manually from their website to avoid accidental overdrafts. It's horrible. Mark 4, crap website. A big step back in terms of user friendliness compared to old Fleet's. Also, it has tech issues, I often get 404 Not Found after submitting a payment or performing other web functions. Mark 6, for credit card services they limit the website password lenght to 5 characters. So overall: horrible customer service and bad computer system. I think it's time to change the bank. 