In the past I have worked for two different banks, TCF Bank (which operates out of minnesota) and Wells Fargo Bank. The customer service that Wachovia offers is unbelievably bad, and I would strongly reccomend not choosing this bank for your service. The only reason I chose this bank is because I moved from minnesota to new jersey, and wachovia is very close to where I live now. I have had an account with them for two years. During that time I have kept my account at a positive balance, and I write everything in a ledger and keep track of my balances online as well. Every time I deposit a paycheck from my job it clears the following day as long as I make the deposit before 1 PM. Monday of last week I made a deposit of $400. to my account. Tuesday I went online to verify that it had cleared, and it showed my account as having $484. available (meaning that the $400. check had, in fact, cleared). I bought some christmas presents that totaled $420. that day. A few days later I noticed that I had been charged $155. in unavailable funds fee. Unavailable funds fees are fees that are charged when you use money from a deposit that hasn't cleared the bank yet. I called up wachovia customer service, and I told them that when I made the purchases according to their web site that deposit had already cleared. The lady simply told me 'our web service is just a tool, you shouldn't go by that, that deposit was held for an extra day.' Because of this I recieved $155. in fees. I asked if she could reverse any of these because like I said I'd never had a problem with my paycheck taking longer than a day to clear, and according to the wachovia web site that check had cleared. She said there was nothing she could do. I asked to speak to a supervisor, and I was put on hold for about 30 minutes, finally a supervisor came on and also informed me that there was nothing she could do, even when I told them that if this was the case I was closing my account right away. Like I said, I have worked at other banks before in the past. At TCF Bank and at Wells Fargo bank we would ALWAYS reverse unavailable funds fees, no matter what, if the customer called and asked for us to reverse them. We would not always reverse overdraft fees (insufficient funds fees), but we would always reverse unavailable funds fees EVEN if it was a customer error, because the customer had the money in the account it just hadn't cleared yet. Even NSF fees (insufficient funds fees) would be reversed occasionally (2 or 3 occurences per customer). Wachovia is not a customer friendly bank, and you cannot go by what you see on their web site, even according to them. I just lost $155. from them, and I'm not gonna let it happen again. I hope you will avoid them as well.