We received a rent/deposit check from our renters for approximately $1125 and unfortunately we deposited it into our Wells Fargo account instead of our "one-branch" hometown bank. The issuing bank then cleared the check and disbursed funds from our renter's account. An entire month later, Wells Fargo inexplicably messes up and tries to sneak the SAME check through AGAIN. The issuing catches the glitch and since they had already cleared that particular check a MONTH earlier and disbursed the funds, they sent the check back as already paid and refused to pay the check TWICE. Wells immediately deducts $1125 from our checking account as "NSF" and immediately charges us a staggering load of $33 fees on payments that we made. Panicked, I call my renter and we set up a 3-way phone call with our renter's bank customer service, and in FIVE MINUTES I received the customer rep's name, an incident number, the rep's direct fax and phone number, fax copies of the check in question, our renter's bank statement (with his consent), and an explanation how Wells Fargo tried to collect funds on the check TWICE. Now the inevitable run-around starts. Wells customer service pleads "Its likely the other bank's problem" and says there will be a "10 day investigation period". WHAT!? After I already have copies of the canceled checks, names, accounts, and an actual customer service rep. from the other bank ready to assist immediately? To avoid other another series of $33 fees for other check payments, we write a $1200 check from our hometown bank to deposit in Wells Fargo. Another big mistake – Wells "holds" large checks for 7-10 days to make sure there is sufficient funds in THAT account. Problem is when I check my hometown bank, the money HAS ALREADY BEEN DISBURSED and is sitting in Wells Fargo's lap, no longer accessible from our other bank either! Next we are told that the investigations can take UP TO 90 DAYS!! So, we deposit $2510 in cold, hard CASH in the account. The amount showed pending? in our account that day. We were assured by Wells that the $1125 faupaux would be resolved and back into our account at 12am. So I get online the next morning to check the account and there is no $1125 credit. BUT WAIT, there's MORE! There is NO RECORD of $2510 CASH being deposited into our account! I call my wife and asked if she please has the deposit slip. Thankfully she does. She calls Wells and ends up at a "phone bank" somewhere in never-land, who casually tells her, "Maam, we show you didn't make a deposit in your account yesterday". Mercifully, thanks to keeping our deposit slip, our cash deposits finally shows up after confronting our main branch yet again. However, in order to get our funds released, we have to deal with "loss prevention". The branch manager flatly states "Once it's in the loss prevention department, it's out of our hands." It does not surprise us in the least that a branch manager cannot handle a situation, since we have had to call points unknown throughout the U.S. all week to get this resolved by Ourselves. WHEN A MAJOR PROBLEM ARISES, even when Wells Fargo is at fault, you CANNOT effectively deal with them face-to-face and at your location. To make matters worse, because of all the mess-ups, our account was frozen, and we had no access at all to our money. After about 3 weeks of financial headache and nightmare, they finally reversed their mistake, and our deposits finally showed up. We immediately got every cent out of our account, CASH in hand, no certified check from Wells Fargo thank you.