I just started a Wachovia account last week. I only went with them since I just moved to Florida from Delaware and prefer a bank that has atms along the east coast since I will return to Delaware on occasion. My old bank was PNC and unfortunately the nearest branch to me is over 100 miles away. I already considered closing the account. I started the account online and was told I needed to go to the bank to fund the account. Ok, not an unexpected request. I go in, deposit two payroll checks and go talk to a representative about getting starter checks. He took the opprotunity to get verifying documents from me for residence, etc. I still have my delaware license and he said that was no problem. He asked me where I work, what I do, etc. All for my benefit? He stated that was so I was more than a number and they could custom tailor their treatment to me. Ok, that I believe, to an extent. It is for their benefit to profile their customers, not mine. Anyway, all said and done I go about my way. I check a few days later and find the checks had not cleared, nor were they pending. I call customer service and was told different things by different people. Some said they saw no deposits, others didn't seem to know what to say. I had the receipt, but that seemed to prove nothing. Finally I get to the point where I consider just going ahead with another bank and figuring out how to get my money back from Wachovia. They finally tell me that my account was flagged as a possibly fraudulent account opening. I wasn't too happy to say the least, and asked when they planned to contact me with whatever questions they may have had to clear up their bad handling of my new account. I was given a number to call and a name but instead I went to the branch. I proceeded to be asked to further prove I am who I say I am. I gave the letter the bank sent me thanking me for opening the account and was told that was no good for address verification since they sent that to me. Yeah, maybe that makes sense to you more than me. I began regiving my license, ss card, car registration with the same current address, etc. After another 20 minutes or so dealing with the same person who I had originally given all the information to my account was on it's way to being cleared. But not all the way. He kept stating that I must understand that they flag possible fraudulent accounts and that it was really for my protection. I told I didn't understand their poor handling since they had my contact information. He said the fraud department had tried to contact me, but got no answer. Strange since my cell phone didn't show a missed call, or have an unnotified voicemail. He gives me that name and number to call to finish clearing the account but states that person handling it was on vacation, to wait until the next day. I told him I wanted to close the account but he was at least personally trying to be helpfull and swore he'd do whatever it took to make it up to me. Whatever that may have been. I go home and call the 800 number. I ask for the fraud department and begin explaining that if I have to wait until the next day to get my account resolved, I'd just as well spend the time changing banks. I am told that all was ok and that I did not need to reverify anything further. The individual said that just talking to me he could tell it was just a case of bad handling on their end. He apologized for the aggrevation caused and said at midnight my already cleared deposits would have their restraint lifted. To end this telling I'll quote what the individual at the branch told me. You're not the first person I've seen this happen to, I mean, not a lot, but like the second 