I am fed up with Wachovia playing musical funds with my account. I am disabled and get my funds electronically deposited at predictable times but Wachovia likes to play games with them and credit them, uncredit them, charge items to my account, charge overdraft fees, and then replace the deposit. To top it all off they then rearrange the record to hide it. Been through it many times. You cannot trust any balance you get from them. Money mysteriously disappears and reappears regularly. If you catch it and ask they say amounts are off while the computer runs at night. Another trick is double-dipping. A purchase will place a "hold" on your money pending final processing. The hold is supposed to drop off afterward but they often leave it on for another 3-5 days. If you innocently buy something during that time your account is short and SURPRISE!, they get an overdraft fee and talk to you like an infant because you couldn't predict it. They will also uncredit things already credited and then put them back later. The other night I was on the phone with them _after_ my funds were credited wondering why the amount was short $10.00. The CS rep said there was a pending subscription charge from my newspaper. It showed up nowhere online or on their touchtone service. She assured me all was well and since my funds were credited the charge, which was a hold at that point, would drop off if the paper did not request payment by business hours. Lo and behold, my account now shows the charge backdated to the day before I called and an overdraft fee. A deposit I made the next afternoon was actually credited _before_ my electronic deposit that had shown up the night before and _after_ I had taken some funds out at an ATM. I don't know what kind of program they have to do this - it's not the first or even the 20th time they've reshuffled completed transactions to show them as uncompleted - but their programmers must be getting great bribes to keep quiet about this. Underneath it all they are still First Union (The "F.U." bank) but bought the name of a bank known for good customer service to cover their stink. I inherited them when they took over a bank that took over a bank that took over my original bank. It's going to be a pain to change banks but I don't feel I have any choice anymore. They have turned to deceptive and outright criminal manipulation and there is no way you can beat or even cope with someone who won't stick to any rules. I once worked for banks and know the tricks they are pulling. In my day they'd have gotten you time. Now they are easily hidden and denied. Stay away from the big companies. Look for the young and hopeful banks that are trying to build a name. 