F--- Wachovia!!! This is our Hellish story of our experience with Wachovia bank. My wife and I are newly weds. We married at the beginning of the year, and were so happy together. We setup our entire lives to prepare for the future. Everything was balanced and we focused all our resources on our plans for a new home. So, we decide to open a new checking account, where we would jointly deposit our money. Well, after owning the account for less than 3 months, we begin to realize some of our money is missing! Now just for the record, we always checked our check book and compared it with almost weekly ATM balance inquiries. We were careful about what we wrote checks, and made Check Card transactions for. So, one day I go to deposit some cash into the account so my wife can buy some summmer clothes. When she goes later that week to buy the stuff she put on hold... the check card doesn't work! Turns-out Wachovia Charged us 10 times in one day, $30 each time, for certain tranactions that didn't go through. The transactions didn't go through because they held my recently deposited funds WAY past the necessary grace period. So, the money I deposited, plus the cash I just put in are now GONE. That was a total of almost $400 dollars! We walked into Wachovia and personally met with the manager, who did nothing. We made phone calls to the Regional NY branch manager, who only treated my wife horribly on the phone, and said quote "We will never help you, or give you your money back." HELLO, this is the New York City Regional Wachovia Manager... can you believe it??? So then we decided to send not one, but 2 seperate letters to most Wachovia regional managers, financial officers, and executives. No response for almost 3 months.. when we finally got one letter stating they would do nothing. Last but not least, my wife's account was closed, and charged-off to a Credit Collector!!! Now, her credit is ruined! Wachovia is the bank from Hell... we pray something bad will happen to that evil corporation. 