I do not recommend Bank of America to anyone who wants to keep their money. I just spent 2 freakin hours trying to get my problem straightened out with BofA. I deposited a payroll check in the bank, and since my account is in another state, there was a hold placed on it...ok, fine. Well, the check posted to my account so I made a few purchases, none over $10, and then BAM! I was hit with five NSF fees...totalling almost $200. I called the state 800 number where my account is held, and spoke with like 4 different people. One said that there was nothing they could do, another said I would have to call the bank I made the deposit at, because they were the only ones who could do the refund. The bank said they only had partial access to my account and would need to speak with a rep from the state bank number. So, I call the state bank number back, and I told them. The person said to me that the check was still on a hold! I said thats rediculous because the person at the bank I made the deposit at said it had already posted, as it also showed that on my on-line banking. So I said to the rep ok, if its still being held, as you say, then how is it you can charge me $165 in NSF fees and my account isn't overdrawn at all? If the check is still on hold, how is it that you guys can take the money out for NSF fees and I can't use it for purchases? This left the rep at a loss of speech. He then put me on hold and spoke with a supervisor, then tried to call the bank where I made the deposit at. The bank had already closed. I will have to finish this whole ordeal tomorrow. Now, if the bank had just done what they were supposed to do, I could've had my money reversed before the bank closed, instead of having to do it tomorrow. So, I call the 800 number back to speak with a different person, hoping to get a rep with at least half a brain, and I actually get an honest person. I explain to her my situation, and she looks into my account, and says that I do have money in there, and shouldn't have been charged all that money in NSF fees, so she gladly reversed all charges and apologized for what happened. I am still upset that I had to waste almost 3 hours of my time trying to get my own money back because BofA stole it! I still can't believe that they think people are so stupid that they will not realize something like that. So, the moral of the story here folks, DO NOT BANK WITH BANK OF AMERICA! They will try to steal your money, then when you catch on to it, they will give you the run around, hoping you will just not even bother because you're so sick of making all the calls. They will belittle you and make you feel stupid and act like it's your fault this happened.