Now, you have to be an adult to have a bank account at any financial institution that is insured by the FDIC. With saying this...you, the adult with that account at BOA has to take responsibilty for your actions and how you use your account. Let me explain...you must keep records of what checks you write as well as any debit card purchases that you make. (A register is that little white book that is sent to you when you order checks with all of the lines in it.) If you don't keep records and don't keep track of what you spend, how are you to know what money you still have in the account? The bank, whether its BOA or any other financial institution, does not have a crystal ball that they can look into and see what checks you have outstanding, so when they clear your account three weeks later because someone held onto it and didn't deposit it immediately, and you have already spent the money you should held out for the check, you will incur fees. As fot those fees, would you rather have checks bounce against your credit or would you rather have the bank pay the check and charge you the fee because they actually loaned you the money to cover it at the time. Now, yes, banks advertise free accounts. They are free if you meet the certain criteria for them which is disclosed in the literature that you are handed out at the time the account is opened. Again, it is your responsibility as the consumer to actually become familiar with the policies and to ask questions. Is it that hard to have one direct deposit go into your account once a month??? And let's get to the checkcard issue...If you have strange activity going on, the bank is going to shut down your card as fraud protection. It is to save your tail from having more of your money taken by the crooks that are out there in numbers. I would rather have the inconvenience of my card being shut down, which would make me have to go into the bank and figure out what's going on so that I can protect myself. Just let them know that you are going out of town so they can make a note of it on the system. If you can't tell, I do work for a bank so its easier for me to know what's going on. We understand that money is a touchy subject but you, the consumer, have to take responsibility of keeping up with your money. Trust me, the fees will stop and you will be much happier. And don't let it fool you, all banks are regualted the same and have the same rules. Holds on checks are for your protection so that you don't use all of the money that was from the check that is coming back as a bad check. Then you will have to pay back the money that you used plus the money form the bad check. I am sorry that this has been so long. I am in customer service so I hear all of the complaints that you all saying but take a minute and get the information form your bank and read up on it. Everything will make sense then! 