Wells Fargo has given me the worst service I have ever experienced in my life. They have been nothing but a headache to me for the last year or so. Recently, I made a deposit on 11-10-05 and it was showing on my account information to post on 11-14-05, since 11-11-05 was a holiday. When I checked my account information on the 14th my deposit was gone! No sign of it in my account history. I went to the bank to find out what happened to my deposit. Unfortunately I threw away the receipt when I saw record of my deposit in my account info. Luckily I printed out the page from my account info showing the deposit on the 11th. So I show the banker my deposit and she tells me she will investigate and call me later. Later she tells me the branch had made a mistake - never told me what exactly - resulting in people's deposits dissappearing. I don't know how many people were affected but she told she was working with ten herself. Finally she got my deposit to post on 11-15-05. Luckily I had my account linked to my credit card so they transferred $350.00 on the 14th to cover cleared transactions. Unfortunately this is not the end of this situation. I get charged $10 for every overdraft transaction. The banker told me she would have the $350 transfer reversed as well as the fee, and any interest. It has been 3 weeks now, and the reversal was never none. I have since talked to 2 people from the card customer service who both told me they would do the reversal and never did. I talked to the banker again and she told me she was working with them and it would be done the next day, it wasn't. Now I have to waste some more time going to the bank to tell them to get it done. All this time they are collecting interest on that $350 that should have been reversed 3 weeks ago. It is very bizzaire how the first 3 people I talked to from the customer service number knew what I was talking about when I explained the bank error and were willing to fix it (even though they never actually did). And now anyone that I talk to has no clue what I am talking about and they see no error (and are rude to boot). I am done with Well Fargo. I will be opening a new account somewhere else asap and will phase them out asap. I highly recommend NOT banking with Wells Fargo.