After reading all of the comments about Bank One, B of A, and Wells Fargo and hearing everyone complain about the horrible bank ripping them off because they wouldn't reverse fees, I have decided that no one should have a bank account. I'm sure that putting your money under a mattress would be better than having to deal with the ogres at the bank, or better yet you could bury your money in a coffee can in the back yard. Apparently people can't take responsibility for their own accounts and feel that the bank owes them something for all of the money they run through there. Little do people know that the bank is not, in fact, a non-profit organization. They are not there to coddle people but are instead heavily regulated businesses. People get upset because the bank doesn't baby them, when they should really be asking themselves why they were getting fees in the first place. Maybe people should start by looking in the mirror and wondering why they don't keep a checkbook register, or for that matter why they don't balance their checkbook. I can assure you that if they have a small error that is a one-time thing the bank will gladly reverse a fee or two. However, there is a reason banks do not open accounts for children, that being that they are not responsible enough to have an account. Apparently the banking industry needs to start screening people better and not letting anyone open accounts. It would cut down on the headaches that the poor employees have to deal with on a daily basis due to irresponsible people. The very same people, I might add, that have nothing better to do with their time than get on websites like this and complain about everything. These are the same people that are running up to the door at 5:05pm to cash and out of state, third party, starter check from another bank with no ID and 16 cents in their account. And they wonder why the bank won't do them any favors? Excuse me sir, I didn't realize that by you having a few thousand dollars in the bank it gives you the right to pitch a fit like a little kid and disrupt the rest of us responsible people, whom the bank works just fine for. You are probably the same person that complains when you have to wait in line at the DMV or at Disney World. The rest of us accept it as a part of life, but you feel that unless everyone knows you're upset you haven't lived a full day. I had problems with Bank One, B of A and Wells Fargo in the past, but I am always patient enough to understand that the banks are still run by people that are working their butts off to keep the peace, and all in all they do a pretty good job. I also take the initiative to get to know the people at the bank and I have a personal banker that I can call when I need special things done. They always make me feel right at home in the bank, and they are wonderful people. Although they never get any credit they make the world go around the way it does today. So to wrap up, if you don't like banks, fine. I will be more than happy to NOT have to wait behind you in the teller line next time I'm in one. Just remember next time you have something nasty to say about someone and something you don't know or understand, that they might just have something to say back!