I have been with Chase Bank for a little over 5 years now and up until about a month ago, I would have said they are an ok bank until now... I went in to add my fiance to my account. He moved from Minnesota to Texas recently. The rep at Chase Bank told me that someone from Minnesota already had an account with them using my fiance's social security number. The rep asked for my fiance's original SS card, which he provided, and a copy was made. The rep said that something was definitely wrong and would have the Chase Fraud Dept. look into the problem. I was promised a phone call back from the rep at Chase within the next couple of days. I let a week go by before I called back to find out what was going on. I was told I was the one that had to talk to the Fraud dept......so I called the number they gave me......was told by the Fraud dept that I was not allowed to call in to talk to them...that the reps at the branch are the ones who are to work with them to figure out what the problem is. After getting no phone call back, I decided to call the branch manager......I describe again the problem and was promised another phone call back......A few days later, I get a message from the branch manager telling me "We are going to have to continue to "decline" adding your fiance onto your account. I am going to call our client in MN and ask him if this is his correct SS number". (Well duh, if this guy is fraudulently using my fiance's SS number I believe he'll of course state it's the correct number.) In the meantime, I call the MN SS Admin dept. and find out that my fiance is the only one showing with his SS# the way it should be, and was told by them that Chase needed to contact them to confirm this. Soooo, I call another Chase branch to help me and was told that yes, they do have a client with the same SS# but they don't have a phone number to contact this guy.....so therefore there was nothing they could do. I call the other branch manager back and she tells me she has contacted this guy in MN (now how did she do that if there is no number showing in their system) and has not heard back from him. I then tell her I'm filing a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission and am telling them that Chase knows that one of their so-called clients is fraudulently using someone else's SS# and they're doing nothing about it. Needless to say, I have closed my account with them. I would warn everyone, if you ever run in to any kind of problem like this, Chase will do nothing to help you. And I do mean nothing. If it doesn't affect them, they don't care. I have never seen reps for a company be so flippant about something so serious. 