When I found this page, I noticed something odd about the positive reviews for US Bank on this forum. Is it just me or do the positive comments above all sound like bank employees? For example, would somebody who doesnt work for US Bank *really* say, US Bank always does exactly what the policys[sic] dictate. Do you really think a satisfied US Bank consumer would talk about what their bank policies dictate? Doesnt this really sound more like a customer service rep telling youve just been screwed and theres not a dang thing you can do about it? The reviewer goes on to say, Not only that but they disclose all fees at time of opening and annually or in statements. Now they sound more like a US Bank attorney. The next positive reviewer says, If you go overdraft, then it is your fault, not the bank's. I am intrigued by the term go overdraft. Is this some kind of bank jargon for overdrawing ones account? If so, perhaps this person has inadvertently exposed themselves as a US Bank shill, pretending to be a happy customer. The third positive review similarly reads like an underpaid bank employee telling you to bug off. They said that US Bank charges are per federal regulation and fully disclosed in the brochures. Im not sure if what bothers me about these reviews is that they sound suspiciously like bank employees reading from the policy manual while they screw you or if it is that they dont really seem to be pro-US Bank as much as anti-anyone who would dare criticize US Bank. Ironically, I found this forum by doing a Google search on how to fight unjust late fees. It is funny that I would find a forum complaining about US Bank when I didnt even name them in my search. I guess Im not the only one having problems with them. Here is how they screw you: 1. US Bank can charge you an overdraft fee even if your account never goes into the negative. There are always two balances on your account, the actual balance and the available balance. If you go negative on your available balance, the $1.00 you pay for parking will cost you $33, even if youve got an actual balance in your account of $10,000. 2. Dont expect your money in savings at the same bank to help you. I had thousands of dollars in savings when I was charged hundreds of dollars in fees for a dozen transactions totaling less than $100. (Again, my actual account balance was always positive). 3. They take out the overdraft fees IMMEDIATELY then notify you by snail mail from Minnesota about the overdraft. In my case their overdraft fees were responsible for overdrawing my account (it was *actually* overdrawn that time) and I didnt get any notification until after I had racked up over $200 in fees. 4. If your account is overdrawn, dont expect your PIN purchase OR debit Visa purchases to fail. No, they APPROVED them all then CHARGED me $33 for each transaction after the overdraft. I dont know if this is true for large purchases, but it definitely is true for small purchases like picking up milk and bread at the grocery store. 5. When I explained that my account had never been negative and that their fees overdrew my account she said that it was not a bank error, (no, they screwed me ON PURPOSE) so the best she could do was to split the fees with me and drop 50% of them. It is my opinion that US Bank systematically bilks customers their customers out of millions of dollars in bogus (but legal) fees. Buy a burger with your bank card and it hits your account in a few minutes. Deposit a check and youll be lucky if you can use the money in a week. Overdraw your account (or just the available balance) and theyll let you know in a week or two, but the fees come out the second there is money in the account. Why is it that a company with a multi-million dollar website with online banking cant send you an email when your account is overdrawn? The answer is that they dont WANT you to know too quickly, lest they lose fee revenue. 