Oh yes, Bank of America is up to no good. I think there is definately something afoot with the entire organization. Something illegal designed to completely circumvent the legal banking system and make tons of money for BOA through outrageous overdraft fees. It just seems strange to me that I have NEVER incurred overdraft fees until I starting banking at BOA and now I pay them at least $100 a month in fees. It seems that they hold pending transactions until they can charge several overdraft fees at one time to completely SCREW someone out of their hard-earned money. BOA says they extend a "courtesy" of allowing customers to go over the limit on their debit cards so they can save them the "embarassment" of having a card declined. DECLINE ME!!! I would rather be declined than get socked with mulitple overdraft charges of $34 each for being TEN CENTS overdrawn! Yes, thats right, TEN CENTS!!! That ten cents cost me over $150 in overdraft fees. When I called to try to work it out with the bank, I got hung up on and when I called back, the lady spoke to me like I was a moron and told me that I needed to be sure I wrote down all my transactions on a register. REALLY? WOW! What a revelation! Come on people. So here is what I believe is happening at BOA. I believe that the BOA system when youre overdrawn holds multiple"pending" transactions until several accumulate and then they process them all at one time so that a person doesnt get socked with one overdraft fee, but several at a time! It seems odd to me that a transaction made on the 11th, and one on the 12th and another one on the 13th wont post on the same day UNLESS a person happens to be overdrawn, then they ALL process on the same day causing mulitple overdraft charges to occur. I wish I had some way to prove this because I just have feeling something illegal is afoot. I know it! It is very strange that my Wal Mart purchases usually take 2 days to process, unless I happen to be overdrawn, then they can take up to 5 days along with about 4 other transactions...hmmm Seems like something is fishy. I swear BOA holds the transactions! I swear they do. I just wish I could prove it. When someone DOES prove this is happening...I want to be part of the huge class-action suit that BOA is going to socked with and I will laugh all the way to my NEW bank!!! They need to be scrutinized thoroughly by some banking regulatory agency. Something very illegal is happening there....