After getting an insurance claim check I decided to open an account with Wachovia. They were just down the street and it would be perfect for my needs. I closed my bank account last year after changing jobs. And What little money I now had would be included with this insurance check. But, my nightmare was about to begin. Since it was a three party check and three people where on the deed. My sister lives out of state and my brother lives on the other side of the state. Sister, brother and I: (insurance co will only write it that way) the bank Mgr. said I needed to get the checked signed by them and then a notarized letter from each. I got a letter from my brother but the great USPS lost my sisters. So she had to send another one. After two and a half weeks I returned to open the account. They said the letters where no good as well as the signatures on the back of the check. Great, now what! Another different bank person fiddled around on the phone and the computer and asked what my mortgage account number was. I advised I dont have one and the house is paid off and under three party ownership due to it being that way to protect the house from probate court and the state in case I died. I am the only one living there. She was under the impression I had a mortgage, hows that I wonder? She then said in that case I needed something called a guarantee signature. Along with new letters with guarantee signatures as well. My Sister and Brother now have to go back to their banks with this check AGAIN. Resign it then send it to each other then back to me AGAIN. Another two damn weeks before I can get any work done on the house. I owe money on work already done dammit! Why cant these people call the bank that cuts the check that the insurance company has an account with and verify its all legit? No one trusts anyone anymore. And banks dont trust each other? Talk about BS and a half. These banks say they want your business but they dont want to make it easy. Why didnt someone just tell me all this before going threw so much wasted time and money. So far I have a piece of paper stating its worth a few thousand dollars but its actually worth as much as wet toilet paper at the moment. And what sucks I have one more due me and I have yet been able to do anything with the one I got. Wachovia should have given me a lot more information before causing me this headache. Damn, good thing I didnt go to BOA!