It never ceases to amaze me the amount of people that like to complain about banks ripping them off. I will let you in on a little secret.. Next time you are passing by your local bank sign please look closely at it. Does it say ANYWHERE on this sign that the bank is a "non-for profit organization???. No. "IT's the SAME STORY...." WHEN you open your account at ANY bank you are given a wonderful piece of literature called "YOUR ACCOUNT RULES AND REGULATIONS". This is for your READING pleasure and WOW it ACTUALLY tells you what is going to happen to your account and what YOUR account is all about. Do you honestly think that banks are looking to rape you of your money? No...they are looking to make a profit, that is why they are running a business. Any business owner can relate to what making a "profit" is. "WHAT BANKS DO IS LEGAL" Banks are required by law to submit any change to YOUR account in writing before 30 days of the change.( This is especially done during mergers.) NOW ANY change would be in the form a the "letter you throw away" or in the statement you NEVER read. Customers are given options everyday by their banks on how to waive these fees for the products and services that you have. If you would take the time TO READ or ASK many of the fees you incur would be non-exsistant. It's called taking responsiblity for YOUR accounts. Try telling a credit card company or even better the IRS I made a "mistake" you NEED to waive those fees...AT LEAST your bank will work with you. Clue....coming in like a psycho and making a spectacle out of yourself in front of your fellow customers isnt the way to get them to work with you. "IT"S YOUR ACCOUNT...OWN IT" While we are on the subject of taking responsibilty...please be advised that EVERY bank EVERYWHERE WILL charge you for NOT having money in YOUR account when the check is presented. You are supposed to have the money in your account. It is that simple. Now barring the occasional "bank error" most of all the overdraft fees are the customer's error. Next time you come into the bank screaming that your were charged all these fees take a minute and think about what YOU did to cause that ie..not having the funds. READ YOUR ACCOUNT RULES AND REGULATIONS. By the way writing a bad check is "techincally" illegal . A word about funds availabilty. In you ACCOUNT RULES A REGUlATIONS..oh here we go again.. it states your bank's "funds availabilty policy". Yes banks hold YOUR money. Unless it is cash it really ISN'T your money until that item is cleared by the other bank it is drawn on. Look up the policy or ask a teller. They do not hold this information a bank secret. "GO TO A BANK THAT WORKS FOR YOU>>>" If you actually DO some research and not go into a bank blindly to open an account you will receive the best account for "YOU" AT any bank you choose. Take some ownership for your mistakes when they come up. Instead of going into a branch with your mouth running because you were charged a FEE, sit calmly down with the rep and ASK why you were charged and they will be more than happy to EXPLAIN it to you AND explain how this charge can be elimated in the future. CUSTOMER SERVICE IS FOR THE CUSTOMER "AND THE EMPLOYEE" And while I am on a roll....customer service. It is not acceptable for teller and or management etc.. to be rude to their customers, esp if there is a bank error. (As a banker myself these type of employees irriate me. If there is mistake own up to it) HOWEVER it should be unacceptable to have customers yelling and cursing and such to tellers when they do not GET their way. Tellers do not make enough to be called stupid or worse because YOUR check bounced or you were charged a $1 at the ATM. After years on management I can tell you that I have closed many accounts for that kind of abuse. I am happy to work for a company that prides on taking care of their "INTERAL customers ie..employees" as well as their consumers. UGH..IT'S THE LAW.. And one more note..... "presenting ID" It is required under the US patriot Act that banks put steps in place to KNOW THEIR CUSTOMER. This is for your protection. When a teller asks for your ID PLEASE just give it to them. 10 minutes of .."but everyone knows me..or refusing for whatever reason is just plain childish and only results in "long lines" and tension. They are doing their job AND protecting YOUR money. If for whatever "spiritual reason" you feel offenDed by this please make a point to intoduce yourself to that teller. That act of "niceness" WILL cause that teller to remember you next time. 