This is a good movie, despite the lapses in developing the characters, which is obvoious throughout the film, as well the departure of some characters that shouldnt have departed (ie. the late Bob Peck as Robert Muldoon). Since everybody and their mother has seen this movie, I will go on to give a review. I would like to have seen more of Doctor Wu, because he played a very important role, as the scientist who single-handedly created dinosaur's from fossilized mosquitos (truth is, science has proven this could NEVER happen, but its fiction). Dennis Nedry (played by Wayne Knight) is the bad guy, trying to cash in on John Hammond and Co. research, by getting dino DNA to a rival company. In the process, he proceeds to shut down all of the electric fencing systems in the park (with the exception of the velociraptor pen), which creates chaos throughout the park. He gets his last dessert via the dilophosaurus (no, dilophosauruses can NOT spit venom). In the process, the power is shut off at the park, which allows the velociraptors to leave, which adds to the mounting chaos. As I said, not much of a plot, but the real stars are the dinosaurs. Sam Neill and Jeff Goldblum take what they are given, and both did a very respectable job (I couldn't see anybody else playing Ian Malcolm than Goldblum). Both didnt get much to work with, and I have questions as to their background, not to mention the cheesy subplot of Neill not liking kids. I think this was put in for the benefit of younger viewers of the movie. Bob Peck's Robert Muldoon was the best human character in the movie, he was the one who had the knowledge of the danger that Hammond was taking in making the park ( They should all be destroyed ). He departed way to early, unfortunately. Laura Dern was ok, but all her character did was run and scream. Wayne Knight gets an A for acting out a pathetic character. Overall, 4 out of 5 for this one. Could have been better if the plot was more developed, and if the kids subplot wasnt there.