Having researched de Sade extensively in college, in connection to Surrealism, and having read some of his works because I am the curious kind, I was very interested to see this film. I believe de Sade to be a highly interesting character, though having read Justine and 100 Days of Sodom in full I can't say he was the most gifted novelist on the planet. I have admired, however, his candor and freedom from the constraints which conventional morality too often has on artistic endeavors. i was glad that the film made an attempt (however lacking in subtlety) to address the issues of censorship and the limits of morality. I was thrilled by Geoffrey Rush's totally engaging performance. he truly portrayed the lascivious appeal which one can imagine the Marquis must have posessed to some degree. (Although from portraits I have seen, plus the overblown style of his writing, i doubt that de Sade posessed a fraction of Geoffrey Rush's grace.) What i despised about this film was its complete lack of historical accuracy, its inane dialogue (except for certain very blackly funny one-line zingers uttered entirely by Rush), its ridiculously predictable Hollywood suspenseful plot twists (yawn!), its total lack of any truly erotic energy, and its (again, Hollywood) submission to cliche erotic scenarios (priests, nuns, come on!). It would have been far more interesting (as is the case with too many big-time Hollywood productions) to focus more energy on character development (esp. that of the laundress) and less on plot twist after plot twist. And not to be so damned predictable. The priest and the laundress should not fall in love/lust. That's so trite! Michael Caine's doctor character should not be so obviously The Bad Guy. And on and on and on... All in all, I can't praise this as a great movie. Rush was great, sets were interestingly done, the very first scene was quite good, but none of this can save a mediocre (and inaccurate) plot. But this is just my humble opinion! Most people, I'm sure, will love it. 