i've told my friends many, many, many, many, many times that theoretically, 'buffy the vampire slayer' should be the perfect show. it contains all the elements that i think would be in the perfect show: a hot girl, kick ass fighting, monsters, snappy dialogue, and decent production values. when i heard there was going to be 'resident evil' movie that would be live action, i slapped my forehead, thinking, those idiots! i never played the game but even i can tell from those commercials for it that they should have gone cgi, like they did with 'final fantasy'! well, to my surprise, this movie, very much like buffy, really delivers. it's got all the elements a good movie should have, in my young male opinion. first, of all the hollywood hotties that i praise on this site, milla jovovich may be the finest. she's a total babe, and she's got more than enough of the attitude required to do really great action. she's physical, and being a model she doesn't mind showing herself off. the fighting in the film is satisfying while never going over the top; it's a cross between 'the matrix' and 'aliens'. the zombies are good: not as gross as something you'd see in a romero movie, but able to inject some horror into this mayhem-fest. the story moves well, despite some directorial flaws which i'll get to in a moment, and there are some good if not memorable lines. the fast-paced jumps and kinetic flashbacks are tempered with surreally slow trance sequences, all of which are fine, except that two or three times this movie incorporates one of my least favorite tricks: the transition from a wild, or at least engaging action sequence, right into some slow, meandering, self-indulgent shots of empty hallways or sprawling corridors, i guess to create bits of mood amidst all of the chaos. they could have used the time they spent doing that fleshing out the story, or doing some real background on the setting or characters, and because they didn't, the movie comes off as a little rushed, or too short. basically, i'm going to buy this when it comes out on dvd, and though i can't call it a great film, i didn't feel ripped off at the theaters.