Before i get into some details i have to say something. I'm not hacking on this movie because im a Star Wars fanatic that simply can't be pleased. I have actually talked to a couple die hard fans that thoroughly enjoyed this movie above and beyond the first installment of the new trilogy. I AM however hacking on this movie because its simply not that good. As you can see in any ad for this movie computer generated images(cgi)play an immense role. One might say that they eclipse the story. Nice try, but we still see it squirming around in there. Lucas seemingly thinks that bigger is better and, quite frankly, quickly dilutes the story with slightly above average cgi that will look dated in 6 months. This is not to say that some scenes arent pulled of terrificly because they are. Nothing though will leave you wandering if what you're looking at is real or computer generated. You'll know. Theres such a thing as overkill George, look into it. Trying to keep this short...on to the story. Well written this is not. The basic structure revolves around the budding romance between Anakin Skywalker and Padme Amidala, along with events that are pulling Skywalker towards his turn to the dark side. Overall i was cool with the basics of the story. The dialogue though is not very strong. At some points you just have to smack yourself in the head to make sure you heard them right. Most of the humor and even some of the more serious moments in the movie simply fall flat because of the lines that are spoken. On to acting. The actors i enjoyed. There are some action scenes that are very good in this movie. Some, in my opinion are not. There are some cgi sequences that are very good in this movie and there are some that are not. There are however no actors that slouch in there roles or presentations. There are moments involving blue/green screens where an actor works literally by themselves that leave a bit to be desired but i cant count it against them. Nicely done. My comments may sound critical, but thats because they are. There was alot to be critical about. A movies a movie. Simply having the title Star Wars thrown on it doesn't make it any better. Enjoy. 