This movie was visually breathtaking, which is the only good thing about it. I may be an atheist but I'm still quite familiar with the gospels and was prepared for another take on the whole story. Gibson decided, however, to exclude any attempt at plot, character development, or philosophical ideas. Instead we had Jesus being beaten, flogged, thrown from a bridge, dropped on the ground, whipped, scourged, coarse wool rubbed into His wounds, humiliated, beaten some more, made to carry a heavy cross like about ten miles while they continued to flog Him, nailed up, dropped a few more times while stuck to the cross, and finally the violence was over...almost. Gibson also saw fit to punish a fellow crucifixee who mocked Jesus, by having a crow land and eat his eyeballs out. Filled my heart with gladness and fellowship, it did. Anti-semitic too. The Jewish children who tormented Judas were all Satanic little imps. The Jewish mob...forget them for now, the Jewish PRIESTS were a bunch of spitting, slavering psychopaths who took turns slapping Jesus and riding out on their donkeys to watch him die every step of the way. Yes, the Roman guards (not the officers, who were saints - especially Pilate) were pretty brutal and sadistic themselves, but last time I checked Italian people have not had to suffer for the death of Christ the same way Jews have throughout the centuries. As far as I know, Jesus talked about nothing but peace, love, brotherhood, and tolerance. So why was there so much hatred, violence, and revenge in this movie? Why would Jesus add to the suffering of the thief by having God send down a hungry crow to peck his eyes out? Why would he give Judas over to Satan when the betrayal was God's idea and without which Christianity would not exist today? Why was Monica Bellucci wearing so many clothes? BTW, these are rhetorical questions, so don't message me to fill me in; I don't care what the answers are. I liked watching this movie because I think cinematic violence is very poetic, but there has to be a story, or at least ONE original idea to keep me interested. The Passion has none. And I wasn't filled with any hope or sense of peace afterwards, I just felt like I should go wash my hair.