This movie was kind of a personal experience for me. Back in the 70's, I was a Photographer's Mate in the Navy stationed at Pearl Harbor for two years. During my time there, I also served for a few months as a tour guide for the Navy harbor tours. The attack on the harbor in this film is so realistic I can only describe it as devastating. It brought to life the hideousness of the attack in a nightmarish way I could not even imagine as I told and re-told that story so long ago. So much so that toward the end of it I felt as though I actually wanted to run from the theater. And no, it wasn't due to the love story, which was actually what I would term as so-so; I've seen better but also much, much worse. Though I think some kind of human-interest story was necessary to involve the audience on a personal level, this love triangle was obviously there to give the film the same tragic romantic draw (not to mention cash reward) of the earlier FX extravaganza Titanic . Obviously they failed to totally rekindle that moneymaking device here - but I still enjoyed the acting and did feel something for the characters involved. Still, I couldn't help thinking they might have taken a more From Here to Eternity approach by having more than one personal story unfold as we approached the attack itself. The biggest missed opportunity to do this was with Cuba Gooding's character. It's mildly frustrating when you realize you are going to be left wondering all the while expecting to hear more about the young enlisted man's story. It's really amazing to think that they overlooked such an obvious chance to develop an interesting character and sub-plot. Other side stories could have involved families on the island or how the whole thing may have affected local islanders on some level and so on. Overall, though I would say this is an enjoyable movie, with many amazing special effects that never the less could have been trimmed up a bit and better presented as a 2-hour film rather than a 3-hour epic.