This story is perfect, because, if you've ever been in a big city....like Orange County where women's tastes could be described as surrealistic and somewhat shallow....then this is the movie to see. I don't know why, but I find that stories with lesbian sex are more than interesting it 'erks' the right part of you, wether it turns you on, or makes you angry. I like it when women sleep together. In my personal life I mostly hang out with women, and not all of them are straight. A lot of them are bisexual and for a woman it makes their life interesting. If men would stop being so aggressive and domineering towards women and their free rights toward sexuality then maybe we could understand the superior feminine mind. Women love war, they institute it between exh other constantly to entice life and create action. People say that I'm aunry and a flirt. I act surprised when they say this, but I know it is true. Sex is like a process of communication through emotional warfare. I'm good at war, even though I don't like guns and the reality of death. I like a different type of war, and with the company of artists that I keep I am right in the middle, and I like it. It feeds my art. I see these women play games with each other, and it's great. One day it's her, and the next day it's him, who use to go out with her, but in the end all the women end up sleeping together and some guy gets his heart broke. Perfect. When a woman hurts your heart she is just trying to see how tough you are as a man. To see if you can take it and bounce back with deliberate sexual revenge against her. Something bad like sleeping with her sister, or her gay lover. That's a bad situation. Sleep with a gay girls' lover and have her walk in on you, it's worse than sleeping with a straight girl and having your girlfriend walk in. Why is it worse? Because the two women have shared each other sexually. Their sexual ego has been ripped under several areas, they're cheating on their lover, and they're having sex with a man no less. Either way, men have to adjust to women and the fact that they want to be together sexually. I for one like it, and I've dealt with a lot of similar 'Chasing Amy' type of situations. I've had girls turn gay at parties right in front of me, and they're not bad people they're just women being women and I say keep the lesbian sex wheel turning, and this is from a straight heterosexual man. I like all women, even the one's who say they don't like men. If women hate me because I'm a man, I sort of understand. See this movie and other Kevin Smith movies (Clerks, Dogma, Mall Rats), and read his nine series comic book compilation starring Dare Devil it's where comic book story telling needs to be.