While MEAN GIRLS, a new release by Paramount Pictures shows the comedic side of teen female relational aggression and cliques, a new documentary titled RATS & BULLIES from R&R Media Productions, looks at the secret world of girls through the lens of a tragic true story involving real mean girls. The Fourth Annual Thunderbird International Film Festival held in Southern Utah will spotlight the feature-documentary. RATS & BULLIES: The Dawn-Marie Wesley Story. The film festival which focuses on cinema that is family friendly with allowances for cultural differences, takes place over the course of five days from June 2nd through the 6th, with screenings during three of those days. RATS & BULLIES will act as a centerpiece for the festival with a presentation set for June 4th, at 3:00PM to be followed by a question and answer session with the two directors and producers, Roberta McMillan and Ray Buffer. RATS & BULLIES tells the story of a young girl from Canada named Dawn-Marie Wesley who tragically committed suicide using her own dogs leash to hang herself in her bedroom after being systematically bullied and threatened by three juvenile girls from her school. The story involves the incidents which led to the tragedy and continues through the grief of those left behind and the legal precedents which followed. Discover the world of female relational aggression, teen bullying and the painful consequences of harassment and suicide in this important and powerful film. The Thunderbird International Film Festival takes place on the campus of Southern Utah University in Cedar City, Utah. Those wishing to attend are encouraged to reserve tickets early as seating for RATS & BULLIES is likely to sell out. Tickets may be purchased locally in Southern Utah at the Best Western El Rey Inn & Suites, 80 South Main, Cedar City, Utah 84720 and the SUU Communications Dept. For more information on the Thunderbird International Film Festival contact (435)586-7861 or visit the festivals website at http://www.thunderbirdfilmfestival.suu.edu Learn more about RATS & BULLIES at http://ratsandbullies.com 