O.K. the movie was bad. But it wasn't that bad!! It is WORTH seeing... there are scenes WORTH seeing. It seems as though moviegoers and some Silence of the Lambs fans (which is near the top of my All-time favorites) seemed bent on blasting this movie from the start. That's too bad, because it has turned off some others who won't go based on Critics. The movie could NOT possibly keep up with the ORIGINAL. This is to be expected as it is a Sequel and the original set a very high standard. As far as continuing the storyline of Lector, for real fans who are interested, it does that. Some of the scenes in the storyline are ridiculous (in that they were made just for effect), yet others are almost clever; I refer mainly to the scenes in Italy and the FBI online hunt and chase. If you like gore, and I don't care for much, this movie might not impress you. I had heard early reviews about this film that it was the goriest film in years, etc.etc.,etc., and that the storyline suffered because of it. I almost decided to not go. These were unfounded. Yes, it is definately there, and some is gratuitously unnecessary; but it is obviously done for effect alone, and it does not detract from the storyline whatsoever... The problem with the storyline is that it is good, but NOT fully developed. The director, Riddly Scott, tries to stretch out too few scenes and make them match. At the same time, other scenes end up looking choppy as they are cut poorly. And the camerawork uses too many tight shots that would have been better served in wide lense. No drama is increased by these shots, only a sense of incredulousness is hightened. The viewer is brought in TOO close to feel that something else might be going on to shock them. Hopkins and the Julianne Moore do a good job throughout the film, the chemistry is created. If you are not married to the idea of having Foster in the film, there probably is NOT a better replacement than Moore. Yet, even these two decent actors could NOT overcome the mark of poor direction. I like the film for what it does RIGHT, and NOT the distractions. The chemistry is there, the two top stars are very good (despite otherwise dumb casting), an aura of suspense is created which carries the Hannibal legend forward (mainly in the Italian scenes) and the viewer can get involved if he doen't look to poke holes in every scene (which can't be done anyway). The distractions are the poor direction, cuts, camara angles, unneccessary gore, secondary acting support and a lack of truly ingenious lines which are so valuable to the original. The character of Lector- played by Hopkins; does live on, though, and it is true to form... The film, ALMOST, deserves a three star (2 3/4 stars.) I liked it.... A REAL Lambs fan may regret the many problems innately possessed by the film, but will regret even moreso, missing out on this one... ..... 