kamylienne. I see lots of people disagree with you. At parts i agree, and at others i highly disagree. They're right, Ed Gein was a serial killer in Wisconsin, and he killed 2 women with a .22 calibur rifle. There could have been more, but that's all that was proven. Thomas Hewitt, or better known as Leather Face, as said was a mass murderer killing over 33. I've done lotsa research since i saw the first Texas Chainsaw Massacre, and never found any conclusive evidence that Thomas Hewitt was a real person. Now being a scary movie buff, ALL the scary movies I've seen in the last 5 years were the kind of movie where i say You stupid kid, why are you doing that? This movie is nothing like that, it's the first thing i noticed about all this. They picked up a FEMALE Hitch-Hiker. If it was a male, i wouldn't have looked twice at him. But just because it's a female,(Spoiler ahead) i would've stopped. What would you do if someone kills themself in your car? You would stop at a gas station and call the police. It's a rickity town in the 60's. Not rare. So the lady tells you to meet the sheriff. OK. The little crazy kid says the sheriff is at his house, and you can't drive. OK. You reach the house to find a handicapped man. What's to worry about there? The handicapped guy says, you can't go in, makes sense, he's insecure, he has no legs. Well, Kemper makes a wise choice going in and searching. Your girlfriend has been there for a while. OK. I could go on and tell the whole story, but so far, i would do just the same. But to be honest, the fakest part of it all, how much does a chainsaw weight, of that calibur? has to be 18-20 pounds. Consider running with that in 1 hand. He catches up to that fit character, Andy. He looks like a muscular guy, wouldn't you expect him to be able to outrun a gimp with a 20 pound chainsaw in his hand? Well Anyway, i overall rate this a 4 and a half. The movie is totally worth 6-9 bucks in the theatre, and i would buy it to send chills down my spine before i go to bed.