Over the past five or so years, I've been reading a lot about World War II, so I was excited when I saw the first previews for Enemy at the Gates. When most Americans think of important WW2 battles, they tend to think of D-Day or the Battle of the Bulge. But most historians argue that the 1942-3 fight for Stalingrad - the setting for Enemy at the Gates - was the war's most significant battle. It marked the first major defeat for the Germans, and it is recognized at the turning point of the war. Conventional wisdom at the time gave the Russians almost no chance of resisting the German invasion, but - starting at Stalingrad - operation Barbarossa turned out to be a disaster for Hitler's forces. The Stalingrad fighting was some of the most horrific and brutal of the war. Soldiers on both sides were exposed to extreme temperatures, life-threatening shortages of food and clothing, and near-constant street-fighting among the bombed-out ruins of the city. I really looked forward to seeing how well Hollywood could portray such an epic battle. As it turns out, Enemy at the Gates does an impressive job of re-creating the fighting in the war-torn city. The first 15-20 minutes of the movie track a young peasant soldier, Vassili Zaitsev, as he travels by train to the city, across the Volga river (as German planes bomb the transport barges), and into the front lines as the charging Russians are decimated by German machine-gun fire (and as the Russians who turn and run are shot by their own political officers). But I'm being generous by giving Enemy at the Gates four stars, because the movie goes downhill after the initial battle scenes. The movie glosses over Zaitsev's transformation into a highly successful sharp-shooter and celebrated Russian hero, then dives right into the predictable battle between Zaitsev and a German sniper sent to kill him. The other plot line is a lame love triangle involving Zaitsev, another soldier (played by Rachel Weisz, who is beautiful), and a political officer (played by Joseph Fiennes). The movie is based on real characters and events, which makes it much more interesting. But Hollywood, of course, takes quite a few liberties with the facts. Zaitsev and Tanya (the character played by Weisz) did exist and did have an affair, but I'm pretty sure the character played by Fiennes is fictional, and the battle between Zaitsev and the German sniper didn't play out the way it does in the movie. Still, if you're interested in WW2, this is a four-star movie. If history doesn't do much for you, go see a war movie with a better plot.