The only reason this gets a 2 and not a 1 is because my husband liked it enough, and yeah, I have seen worse movies; it really deserves maybe a 1.5 instead. The movie, a vague attempt at trying to tell the life story of Alexander the Great, was clearly a wanna-be epic that just failed in the story-telling. Quick synopsis: An old man relates the story of his old comrade to attentive scribes: how Alexander grew up as a bastard child of a king, with his extreme mommy and daddy issues (Freud would've had a blast with this one), about how he fell in love with his best friend and comrade-in-arms, and sometime after that telling how he won some battles here and there, and how he finally died. This disjointed mess jumped around and was hacked off at the most inappropriate times that I (and my best friend) had no idea what the hell was going on. Over-emphasized sexuality and the nauseating love story didn't help much, either--in many parts, it really wasn't all that far off from being a pornographic film. And, surprisingly, the battle scenes were AWFUL. In many scenes, when the camera panned back, what should have been a vision of an epic struggle was just a bunch of guys pushing at each other with shields, not even attempting to swing a sword or hurl a spear. Just . . . pushing. That's it. When they DID show some action (outside of the gross sexuality), everything was a close-up mess of gore with little sense of what was going on. The camerawork in some areas was shaky, and if that's what they meant to do, they probably should have re-thought it. Oh, and the accents were hilarious. Bluntly stated, Alexander was anything BUT great. UPDATE TO DACCORY: It's been a short time since I've seen the film, and thankfully most of the memory of this film is lost. Here's what I DO remember, though: the most outstanding instance of sexuality-bordering-pornography I refer to is the one where Alexander takes his wife; while understandably not all sex scenes in cinematic history should be all candle-lit and romantic, this scene was, in my opinion, nauseating and gratuitious (and very bizarre). It seemed the scene was almost an failed attempt to perform CPR on the already-dead movie. Yuck.