I have waded through the quagmire of a review from The Marquis and I must say that it is possible to enjoy a movie that is hyped. Scary Movie and Scream have proven that just as a few examples. The film is a break from the standard Hollywood stock, not a typical hack and slash special effect filled movie one would expect. The film relies more on what could be out there rather than what the viewer actually sees, and it works perfectly. Other movies, such as Alien have worked well with this idea. The three actors had a good chemistry and we are allowed to see their characters build. Yes they scream, bicker, and swear but when one is cold and lost in the woods it is understandable that tempers would flare. I put myself in the situation of being lost like that and hearing children crying and noises around my tent in the pitch black. It would be a frightening situation. Yes, one does expect to hear noises in the woods when they go camping but to have inhuman sounds awaken, then follow you-especially when lost-is a scary prospect. It's even scarier when you've lost a friend and possibly hear his cries in the night. Awakening and finding piles of rocks and twig figures would be a triple whammy. As for the continuation of filming when realizing they were lost, first the camera provided the brightest source of light. Secondly what good filmmaker would not want to try to capitalize on the situation creating a film of raw emotion. Just run out of woods? You have no map, no food, and you have walked in circles previously. No bathroom scenes? This was not a movie about going to the toilet. Sorry. They shot one bathroom scene which was supposed to be a bit of humor so why overkill it. Tension in the ending? Well, to see Mike standing in the corner (as described by the locals, Rustin Parr the crazed hermit would make one kid stand in the corner facing the wall while he killed the other kid) basically sealed the fate of a frightened, out-of-her-senses Heather. That is the payoff, take it or leave it.