Okay, here it is...I never liked Andy Kaufman! I never thought he was particularly funny or talented. He seemed to me to be an egocentric buffoon who was so lost inside his own head that he probably didn't even know where he was most of the time. I laughed heartily when wrestler Jerry Lawlor, fed up with Kaufman's mouth on The David Letterman Show slapped him off his chair just as the show was going into a commercial break. When I heard that Kaufman had died of lung cancer in the early '80's, I wasn't particularly moved one way or the other. I mean, nobody with any humanity is going to be happy to hear news like that, but I wasn't exactly striken with grief over what an artist the world had lost. It did cause me to reflect for a moment on the irony of a non-smoking vegetarian, both of which I had heard somewhere that Kaufman was, dying at such a young age (He was around 36 if I recall correctly.). As it turns out, I think it is an irony that would have amused Andy himself. Quite frankly, when I heard director Milos Forman was doing a biopic about Kaufman starring Jim Carrey, I was a little apalled, though not entirely amazed. He had taken on unlikely subjects before (See The People Versus Larry Flynt ), but this seemed somehow even stranger. The question I kept asking myself whenever I heard something new about the film was: Why? Nevertheless, I knew early on that this was a movie I would have to go see. I figured that here would be much to savor--a movie about a man I couldn't stand, starring a one-note comic actor of whom I was none too fond. Awesome! I could spend a couple of hours smugly reminding myself just how untalented Kaufman had been, how untalented Jim Carrey was, and feeling superior to anyone who thought otherwise! Not only that, but poor Milos Forman...what an error in judgement! Better luck next time, my friend. For the first twenty minutes or so of the film, all was well. We saw Kaufman do a few somewhat pathetic routines and lose his gig at the comedy club. As he walked dejectedly in the rain, his hooded sweatshirt soaked, I was able to smile and think: Suffer, Andy! Then, he meets Bob Zmuda (Paul Giamatti), and a diabolical partnership is born. So is an engaging and very enjoyable movie. This movie is fascinating for a number of reasons. Most striking is the realization that hits the viewer about half way into the film that for Andy Kaufman, it was not about being funny at all. It was about creating an experience. It was about the dynamics of fame. It was about provoking a reaction from his audience, and whether that reaction was laughter or contempt was really not important. Thus, Kaufman was equally as apt to walk onstage and launch into some sad routine that was purposely calculated to be unfunny and even thoroughly boring to an audience as he was to tell a joke. Kaufman was watching his audience as closely as they were watching him, and their confusion was his entertainment. As an example of the extreme to which Kaufman, with the aid of Zmuda, was able to carry this, consider that the entire notorious feud between wrestler Jerry Lawlor (Played in the film by Lawlor himself.) and Kaufman--including a well publicized wrestling match, during which Kaufman appeared to be badly injured by a very angry Lawlor and the subsequent public threats of reprisal on both sides, as well as the acromonious and violent appearance on the Letterman show--was all a very calculated and well executed routine planned by Kaufman, Zmuda and Lawlor, all of whom were the best of friends! For an entertainer to make himself a figure of public ridicule based upon his seeming lack of talent, and then to become wealthy and successful based upon what appears to be an inability to succeed is something pretty close to genius. This is all lovingly recreated in the film. Kaufman, viewed with a hindsight provided for us by Milos Forman and Bob Zmuda, was quite simply funny by virtue of not being funny. Not that he was not capable of being selfish and at times downright mean. Some of his routines, such as his appearance at Carnegie Hall during which he exploited what appeared to be an elderly lady having a heart attack to provoke audience reaction were certainly unkind, but good taste and quirky inventiveness aren't necessarily synergistic. The movie doesn't shy away from these moments either. The film is not meant as simply a valentine to Kaufman, even if it does minimize certain of his more unattractive peculiarities. Another thing that strikes the viewer somewhere along the line is that he or she has forgotten that they are watching Jim Carrey. In almost every moment Carrey had spent onscreen prior to Man On The Moon , the viewer was reminded that it was Jim Carrey they were watching. The character might be called anything from Ace Ventura to Chip Douglas , but the mugging and the antics were pure trademark Carrey. Not so here. From the outset the gestures, both bodilly and facially, and the nuances of character are so controlled; so studied, that even the most grudging viewer is forced to admit that Carrey is giving a real performance, and a good one. There are differences between Carrey and Kaufman, obviously, but while watching this movie one quickly forgets what they are, and for the duration Carrey becomes Andy Kaufman. This phenomenon is so pronounced that if you watch the movie, then happen to see the real Andy Kaufman in a re-run of Taxi or something soon afterwards, you tend to get the feeling initially that what you are seeing is somehow not the actual Andy Kaufman. Courtney Love, a Forman biopic vet (She appeared earlier in The People Versus Larry Flynt , giving a strong performance as Flynt's late wife Althea) turns in a likeable, restrained performance as Kaufman's girlfrind, and Danny Devito, a friend of Kaufman's in real life, is good as his manager. 