Lord Of The Rings: The Fellowship Of The Ring is an admirable and successful attempt to bring the first book of the Tolkien trilogy to the big screen, staying true to the book though not an exact representation. The biggest problem is that the original story is simply too long and complex for three movies. To solve this problem, director Peter Jackson should have filmed in at least a series of four, maybe five installments (though I am sure that there were substantial cost considerations). Also, it would have been better to have a tighter closure to the film, making it a more self-standing story. Notwithstanding these reservations, the film itself is a masterpiece of modern cinema, utilizing nearly spot on casting, excellent cinematography, lush and imaginative settings, mesmerizing music, and state of the art special effects. As other comments have noted, Hugo Weaving as the high elf Elrond didn't quite fit my expectations, Sean Astin as Samwise Gamgee did not fit for me at all, and Viggo Mortensen struck me as smaller and less latently regal as I envisioned, though Mortensen began to come through as the movie progressed. I also agree with another comment that Liv Tyler would have been better cast as Eowyn rather than Arwen (but this is a minor detail). While the original story was altered by the screenwriters to give Arwen a larger role, this was most likely done to make the movie more applicable to contemporary audiences (ie they injected more estrogen). Moreover, the screenwriters made Frodo (played by Elijah Wood) more animated. In the book, Frodo was often more of a stick figure being manipulated by the powers surrounding him. Finally, the screenwriters properly edited out some scenes (eg Tom Bombadil) which seem awkward enough in the original story and would have obviously confused those unfamiliar with Tolkien in the movie. The bottom line is that Lord Of The Rings: The Fellowship Of The Ring raises the bar and sets the new standard for big production films that must be seen on the big screen to be appreciated. Moreover, while it is helpful to have read the original story prior to viewing the film (as always), the movie does an excellent job at avoiding this crutch.