ola from your friendly neighborhood comics-man. everybody wants to leave their opinion about this movie, but fortunately mine is not only comic-educated, but the truth! ;) the most surprising thing about this movie is the total lack of surprises. i hadn't thought about spiderman for years before the commercials started up (okay, there was also the internet rumor mill) but i was really, genuinely jazzed about this film. maybe it's the stirring drums of the commercial, or the quick cuts, or that they only show you the fight scenes. to this day, the only comic2film adaption that in my opinion is a total success is still the first superman movie, but this sure comes close. you have all those almost forgotten but familiar elements: the wrestling match with bonesaw mcgraw (note the bruce campbell cameo. also: raimi's parasitic brother works at the daily bugle) the things said to uncle ben that can never be taken back, and, of course, with great power comes great responsibility, spiderman's mantra. the scenes of spidey fighting muggers really show off his dexterity and cleverness well. the dementia of norman osbourne is so masterfully portrayed, i felt i was seeing it for the first time, though it was a recurring theme in all the cartoon shows i remember. dafoe never ceases to amaze me. so, for the actors: mcguire, captain sleepy, did not have a vote of confidence from me, but fortunately spidey's trademark wisecracking, which he uses to disorient his enemies so effectively that it's practically a superpower, saves the day. he handled the peter parker bits perfectly, i have to admit, but i would like to have seen more evidence that the voice coming from beneath the spidey mask was actually his -some jaw movement, or something. i also didn't like kirsten dunst much before this movie, but having to superimpose m.j. watson on her, i grew to like her, and i have to admit that she handled the role very well. (those of you hardcore fans lamenting the absence of gwen stacy will enjoy the fight between spidey and the goblin on what appears to be the 59th st. bridge.) the guy who played jameson was also exceptional in a cast that was altogether pretty solid. as for the story, it makes some unforgivable errors that we've seen before in comic/film adaptions. why kill the main villain in the first pic, for instance, when his insanity is enough to incapacitate him at the end, and even erase his memory, and after all, aren't sequels more exciting when there's at least the threat that he'll return? (yes, harry osbourne can assume the goblin's identity, as he has in the past.) also, parker realizes at the end that there can be no love between him and m.j.- well that deletes the need for about a million issues of the comic i read in high school that were based on spidey's inner torment, right there. the scene in which the goblin tempts spidey with the kingdoms of the earth is good, and all the fight scenes are visually extraordinary, even compared to what you may expect, but don't expect constant action. be advised: the spider that bites him is no longer radioactive; genetics are the x factor of today. also, spidey's webshooters are now not a creation of parker's inherent scientific genius: they're part of his body. all in all, here's a movie about a real (fictional) american hero at a time when a symbol of a common but noble man with great power is something that i think the country can really use, and enjoy.