The place: Some middle American movie theater. The time: About half-past twelve in the morning. Onscreen: The entryway to a castle. Just inside the door lurks a cadaverous hunchback, his head bald on top but fringed by long, stringy blonde hair. He stares suspiciously at a young couple standing just outside. The audience begins, in unison-- Audience: Say 'hello', Riff. Onscreen hunchback: Hello. Onscreen young man: Hi! My name is Brad Majors... Audience: A**hole! Onscreen young man: ...and this is my fiance, Janet Weiss! Audience: Slut! This is the scene at countless Friday and Saturday midnight screenings of The Rocky Horror Pictureshow across the country. The four star rating I gave this movie applies only to the home video version. At home, in a quiet setting alone or with a few friends, this extremely twisted musical is, if not a great film, at the very least amusing. Three stars, three and a half or four. Depends on your mood and the quality of whatever you might be smoking or drinking. But viewed in a theater, with an enthusiastic crowd of fans, this movie is a five star experience for sure! From beginning to end, fans interact with the film. They insult the characters, comment on the action and, when their timing is very good, shout out questions and comments to which the onscreen characters appear to respond. Example: Character onscreen: ...they set out to visit Dr. Everett Scott, ex-tutor and now friend to both of them. Audince: Is it true you're constipated? Character onscreen: It's true [pause], there were dark clouds... Audience: Describe your b*lls! Character onscreen: ...heavy, black and pendulous[pause], toward which they were driving. Audience: Your b*lls were driving? In many of these theaters, there is a cast , comprised of fans who dress up like the movie characters and act out the onscreen action in the front of the theater. Some of these are very good, some are not so good, but what they may lack in skill they usually more than make up for in enthusiasm. In a very real sense, the audience is an important part of the Rocky Horror experience. The film, based on a stage show called simply The Rocky Horror Show is a musical send-up of the old dark house films of the 1930's through the 1950's. An innocent young couple, Brad Majors (Barry Bostwick) and Janet Weiss (Susan Sarandon) become stranded at the castle laboratory of mad scientist Dr. Frank N. Furter (Tim Curry), who happens to be an alien, as well as a bi-sexual transvestite. On this particular night, the good doctor is hosting an interplanetary convention of lousy singers and dancers who all wear dark clothing and sunglasses. The occasion, as it turns out, is that Furter, having discovered ...the secret to life... Audience: Itself? Furter: ...itself! is planning on bringing into the world the man he has created. No flat-headed lumbering monstrosity this, but a beautiful blonde bodybuilder--none other than Rocky Horror (Peter Hinwood)! Over the next hour or so, Furter proceeds gleefully to corrupt Rocky, as well as Brad and Janet themselves. As if this weren't enough, a motorcyclist named Eddie (Meatloaf), who has had half his brain removed prior to being locked in the laboratory deep freeze comes unthawed and causes mayhem in the lab before being killed and served for dinner, and a wheelchair bound government scientist named Dr. Scott (Jonathan Adams) shows up and announces that he is Eddie's uncle...before eating a piece of his nephew for dinner. All of this plays out amidst a welter of very funny, at times hilarious, performances and some of the silliest songs ever heard in a musical, with titles like: Dammit Janet! , Touch-a-touch-a-touch me! and Sweet Transvestite . By all means, check out this film. If you get the chance, see it in a theater. You're guaranteed to have a good time. And here's a piece of free advice, based on personal experience--if you drink the last of the beer that you've snuck into the theater with no later than Eddie's Hot Patootie! number, you'll likely have enough time to metabolize the alcohol before going to bed and will probably avoid a hangover. Hoopla! 