When I saw the Two Towers after a year of great anticipation I have to admit I left the cinema feeling just a bit disappointed. I couldn't decide why, after all there's little to complain about with the execution of the film and the direction is fast paced for a film of such length, but it didn't move me as the first one had. I saw it a second time in the hope that whatever had been lost on me the first time would suddenly dawn on me the second. Sometimes you need to see a long film a few times to take everything in. My enjoyment was spoilt on the second showing by noisy kids in the back row who kept chucking popcorn at an inoffensive old man; this continued throughout the film, even when the main troublemaker was thrown out. Despite that I think I managed to appreciate it better on a second viewing. Gollum was fantastic and even though he was partly a CGI creation (actor Andy Serkis provided his voice and movements) he gave the film its few moments of poignancy. The Battle for Helm's Deep was fantastic. Legolas leaping onto a moving horse was jaw-dropping, although his skater-dude antics down a flight of steps could be seen as laughable. Frodo's growing affinity with the ring and its transformation of him was eerie to watch, well done to Elijah Wood for being so at one with his character, and Sam's speech at the end was moving. Yes, I did think this was a good film, anyone who doesn't must surely have a very poor concentration span or a lack of imagination, but in my opinion the film could have done with some more lighter moments and by this I don't mean comic relief but true, heartfelt, sincere, reflective moments like the kind that made The Fellowship of the Ring so special: Frodo's reliance on the faithful Sam, Boromir's death, the grief of the Fellowship in the wake of Gandalf's apparent death, the beauty of Lothlorien in contrast to the growing peril of their situation, Frodo's tears. For this reason, for the pervading darkness of the whole film, I'll only give it four stars, which is still high praise. I can't wait for the third. My gut feeling says it will be the best of the lot.