this movie is worth talking about. first, there are some deviations from the books that will annoy purists (i read these books ten years ago, but even i noticed them). lestat claims that he was made by marius, not magnus, which does not accord with the second book of the series. marius is a bit of a weenie, whereas in the books he was one of the cooler characters, though the actor playing him does an absolutely excellent job. akasha (the queen) does not die as she does in the book, and though aaliyah's african heritage is a logical tribute to akasha's egyptian origin, in the books, so far as i remember, and in the comic adaptions, akasha, like all the other vamps, was marble white all the time. okay, now, on to the movie itself. townsend, the guy who played lestat, was an appropriately shallow pretty boy- i don't know if this is how he is in real life, but he handled the role well. aaliyah was absolutely stunning as the queen. her body language was unbelievably cool, both in her strolling scenes and in the battles, though her accent at times kinda threw me for a loop. i've heard that her brother did some of her lines over for her in the editing stages, and i'm inclined to believe it. now, before i make the two major points i have to make about this movie, let me say that this film did for vampires what the matrix did for cyberpunk and martial arts. the fx brought out their wild grace, ferocity, and beauty, and managed to stay more or less consistent with what's written in the books. for that reason alone, this movie's worth seeing, visually it's just mind-blowing. (that's good because there's a lot of talking between centuries old friends that you might not care about unless you're really into these characters.) akasha's death is quite an fx accomplishment. another thing i liked was the shiny make up on the bridges of the vamps' noses, the glare from the super-reflective eyes that would let them see in the dark well. major point number one: they failed to show the queen's origin. as the story goes, in ancient egypt, she was possessed by a spirit that actually could break human skin and feed on human blood: so, this spirit lived through her and consequently through all the people she made vampires, and were she to be destroyed, all the other vamps would buy it with her. that's important. along with the hunger , this movie helps maintain the proto-typical vampire imagery of an origin in ancient egypt. after all, the older the vampire, the more powerful it is, and you can't get much older than that. most great stories find their endings in their origins, and in the books, at least, this cycle was no exception. second major point: in the book, akasha was seen for quite a while cruising along the mediterranean coastline in levitation mode, wiping out vampires by sheer force of will. this was not only really cool, the mother killing her children, the virgin mary sightings reported in the books, but it helped counterbalance lestat as the threat to all the other vampires in the story. what they keep is lestat threatening to expose vampires to the human world, but they only show akasha wipe out one bar, more or less, though that is one of the coolest scenes in the movie, and it makes the movie worth seeing again, just because aaliyah is such a badass bitch in it. a minor complaint i have is that a lot of characters from the books, who were also pretty cool, were just nameless extras, though a reader could spot them in the crowds. the two major flaws that i noted, though, will probably keep anne rice's work from rising to the level of success of a franchise like 'star wars' or 'hellraiser': this was a big chance that didn't quite get taken. it'll probably just stay cult, though lestat has the potential to take over for dracula in the lead hollywood vampire department.