Fahrenheit 9/11 has a way a making American news coverage of the Iraq war seem terribly censored, although much of the film is nothing new. Many facts we've heard before, just not delineated together quite as coherently. Still, even informed viewers can expect to be startled over facts that have escaped the media coverage. Assorted clips of President Bush being himself have a way of telling a thousand more words than any of Moore's commentary. A particularly disturbing clip is of Bush looking bewildered and being inactive for several minutes after being told a second plane has crashed into the World Trade Center. He just keeps sitting with the book My Pet Goat, not bothering to excuse himself from his public relations appearance with a bunch of kids. Interestingly, Democrats receive a lot of blame in the film as well for failing to object to questionable war-related political maneuvering. Fahrenheit 9/11 also highlights how the American media practiced similar self-censorship, showing news anchors (who often get labeled as too liberal) parrotting Bush propaganda of the day with a straight face. Viewers witness the strong the ties of both George Bush Sr. and Jr. to influential Saudis, for reasons of oil ventures. Saudis are shown to have been instrumental in bailing out Dubya's failed oil businesses, apparently as a gesture for his dad in the White House. The ties extend to the family of Osama bin Laden, illustrates Moore. It is pointed that most every 9/11 hijacker was Saudi, which the Bush administration chose to downplay. The film also raises the question of the bin Laden hunt being understaffed and how our attentions were directed away too soon, which is worthy of intellectual debate. Flip-flops in Bush administration rhetoric are laid out, such as public statements that Hussein was not a threat before 9/11, followed by insistence that Iraq had imminently-threatening nuclear capabilities and ties to Al-Qaeda, then the backpedalling on both claims. The movie also raises the question: Is it fair to show images of a camp of permanently disabled American troops, as well as maimed Iraqi children? Should the mainstream media censor stories about grieving American mothers of lost troops who blame the sitting president? What is the media's responsibility in presenting dissenting evidence and balance to war propaganda? People who haven't even seen the film have gone to great lengths to discredit the documentary. As someone who has seen the film, I find the heart of the film worthy of serious consideration and open dialogue.