Phan'tasm (fan'taz'm)1. A product of fantasy; as: a. A mental image of a real object. b. A delusive or illusory mental image; phantom; specter. This film is, to use a piece of slang from it's own decade, the 1970's (1979, to be precise), trippy. It has a not-quite-there quality that makes it distinctly eerie, even though it is lacking a storyline, almost nothing any of the characters do makes any sense, and the viewer never has, really, any clue as to what the hell is supposed to be going on. Actually, I think these things add to the creepiness of the movie. There is no way for the viewer to orient himself. You can't know what's ahead if you have no idea where you are. Hence the film's title. The majority of the movie's action is set in and around the Morningside Funeral Home and cemetary. This in itself is enough to creep a lot of viewers out. The whole thing is run, seemingly alone, by a mysterious tall man (Angus Scrimm), who is remarkably strong and, to repaet a very appropriate term yet again, creepy. It seems that he is taking corpses, shrinking them down, reanimating them and dressing them in robes so they resemble the Jawas from Star Wars , and shipping them off as slaves. It is unclear where they are being sent. It might be another planet, another dimension, or Hell. It doesn't matter, because this is about all we are given in the way of plot. What we are given, instead, is a series of set-pieces and images, some of which are lame, such as a landlady bursting into a scene babbling loudly in a high-pitched voice in order to startle us, and some of which are striking. At one point, a young man (Michael Baldwin) is seen lying in bed, staring upward. The camera pulls back to reveal the tall man looming over the headboard, his arms spread wide. He is surrounded by gravestones. Two of the robed corpses spring up, one on either side of the bed, and fling themselves over the boy's prone body. It works. The thing to understand is that the movie is not intended to make sense. It is intended to be experienced. At another point in the film, a round, shiny silver sphere flies through the funeral home mausoleum, in pursuit of Michael. It misses him and, utilizing two razor-sharp barbs, embeds itself in the forehead of a maintenance man. A tiny bit buzzes out and drills straight into the guy's brain, draining most of his blood into a big puddle on the floor, which shows up nicely against the gray marble. We don't wonder, at this point, what the sphere is, or why it is sitting in a little box on a table in a funeral home. It just is, so that we can watch it do exactly what it does. This film was written and directed by a 19 year old named Don Coscarelli. It was cast with his friends and neighbors, who essentially play themselves: Reggie (Reggie Bannister); Michael (Michael Baldwin; Jody (Bill Thornbury-this one is peculiar. Perhaps Coscarelli's friend Jody had something else to do.). Taken on it's own terms it's kicky, weird and yes, funny. It's similar to what you would get if one of those Goosebumps kids horror books were written by someone like Stephen King. So, some night when there's no party to go to and no chance of getting laid, slip it into your vcr or dvd player, turn out the lights and crack a beer. What the hell? It's only $3.50, right? 