I saw this movie with my girlfriend, at that time, and I have to admit that I was entertained for all three hours without boredom, but I can't imagine watching the movie more than once. I thought that young Rose was a complete spoiled brat, definitely the kind of women I like, and she probably cost Jack his life. It sucks for men who have hearts, because when a man does fall in love with a woman he will give his life for her. I have fallen in love twice, and I would give my life for these two women without question. When a man really loves a woman he knows it inside of himself without denial, even if he never speaks of it. You find that as a man you care more about her health and happiness more than your own, and that's when you know that you have fallen in love. If she's happier with that other goy, you accept it with all of the hidden tears. You feel this way even if she hates you forever. It can suck loving a woman that doesn't love you back, but that's life a lot of times tough it out. As I've said I've fallen in love twice, and I was lucky enough to have one of the two women love me back, not everyone's that lucky. When you find love, even if it's just for a little while, hold onto it, remember it. That's life, that's what it is all about. This movie opened up that level of people's hearts, and maybe it was just for a little while, but atleast some important lessons were mentioned. My favorite scene is at the dinner table. Jack's congenial sly demeanor reminds me of myself at many occasions similar to that one. I don't care if you have more money than me. I'm still superior to you. If women needed to learn anything from this movie it is this, if a man ever tells you he loves you, be it verbally, or more importantly in a letter, or poem, if the words are genuine to your heart, reach out in return to him, because life is short and being a man of deliberate countenance I have to say that if I take the time to tell a woman I love you, that means I love you. Listen up people, life will pass you by, and sometimes being a man in love is the most difficult thing in the world (not to say that it's easy for women), but for a man to hand a woman his heart is a very serious moment for both people. In closing, this movie was both educational and touching I hope that society takes the time to learn, but somehow I feel that it didn't even make a dent.