First of all, if you re into set design, props, costumes and cinematography, Road to Perdition is a luscious feast for the eyes and mind. Everything from cars to hats to ketchup bottles smacked of early 1930 s authenticity. This extreme attention to material detail, as well as continued advancement in technology - if used effectively in conjunction with the story rather than simply as a cheap gimmick are some of the few aspects of newer films that keep getting better and better. One of the more obvious and effectual uses of today s technology in this film can be seen in the Chicago skyline. As in most major cities, the buildings erected prior to 1931 have long been swallowed up in the deep canyons created by gargantuan skyscrapers. Whatever the exact method was, you can bet the moving glimpse of the windy city of long ago - magnificent in its simplicity - was thanks to the wonders of 21st century computer graphics. But this film was moving in more than a superficial way. The story, though not really a completely pleasant one, was honest and nearly saccharine-free. Though it may not have captured quite the depth as intended, it still struck a deep and universal emotional cord as it explored the relationship between parents and children specifically, fathers and sons. As usual Tom Hanks, who I am now completely convinced can play anyone from angel to demon and anything in between, did an excellent job as Michael Sullivan the quietly complex husband, father and hit man for the Irish mob. Also, per usual, Jennifer Jason Leigh does well with what she is given in her role as Hank s wife. The trouble is what she s given here amounts to about three or four lines and a couple of facial expressions. With her stellar film history and proven abilities, I was genuinely surprised she opted for the part. Paul Newman also racks up another very good performance even though his character seems to lack a certain something. Actually, this may be the crux of the film s weakness overall. Throughout the entire story you ALMOST get to know the people involved but still leave the theater with the feeling that you never quite got past an introduction and a little polite conversation. I will say that Jude Law does evoke a particularly evil creepiness as he stalks the two Sullivans. Young Michael Sullivan is also played extremely well by Tyler Hoechlin a young actor whose beautifully sculpted face the camera no doubt fell in love with at first sight. To conclude with some minor points, the film does have a certain amount of very realistic violence, a touch of foul language, and a glimpse of an extremely low-grade combination speakeasy and brothel. But all are done in relation to the story and without the sense that they are just thrown in for no other purpose than to sensationalize. This may not be the greatest film ever made in the careers of any of the actors involved. But, it's still very much worthy of the price of theater admission which is more than I can say for many other offerings of late.