i had mixed feelings about this film until it ended, at which point i decided that i liked it. the thing was, i was never sure until the resolution what it was trying to be. it starts out as a bit of a love story, which made me wonder if it was really about pearl harbor as anybody there might have seen it, or if it was just about this possibly doomed couple, affleck and beckinsale. then affleck gets permission to fight with the brits, and he's gone, and it's beckinsale and affleck's best friend going at it, and i'm stuck looking for some sort of symbolism, without any luck. affleck returns, as you'd predict he would after watching him die oversees, and then it's the old two guys and girl bit. then pearl harbor happens. i know a little bit about ww2, and i was really pleased with the portrayal of the japanese forces, and their deceitful use of false peace talks to conceal their plans to attack. the attack itself i thought was beautifully portrayed, with the best usage of cgi i've seen so far. the surrealism of the japanese planes flying over hawaii, over kids, and houses, and city streets, is damn near unforgettable. the attack was appropriate in the length in which it was portrayed, and the reactions from above were also, i thought tastefully constructed, and also impressive, in that they made everything clear that needed to be clear, while you could in fact make a 1000 movies about roosevelt. following the creation of the first aircraft carriers to give the us a jumping off point in their return strike, we see the final battle, in which the friend who'd stayed behind with kate beckinsale dies. affleck returns home to raise the son he'd made with her, and the movie ends; quite an expansive piece of work. personally, i would have subtracted some of the scenes of the two boys as childhood friends in the beginning of the movie; it lays the pro-american sentiment on a little thick, perhaps so much so that it damages the patriotic spirit this movie should justifiably create. same with beckinsale's narration at the end. all of the sub-plots about extras on the scene were excellent. all in all, i really enjoyed this movie, and i admire the way it tells its story on its own terms.