The credited director may be Tobe Hooper (of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre infamy) but the stamp of co-producer/co-writer Steven Spielberg dominates the spooky proceedings which unfold in one of those perfect-looking suburban houses he loves. As a result the film itself has something of a split personality as Spielberg-ish cuteness and Hooper's more visceral interests give this the feel of The Exorcist as processed through a Walt Disney blender. It's also one of the last mainstream films by respected filmmakers where you'll witness suburban mom and dad Steve and Diane Freeling (Craig T. Nelson and JoBeth Williams) smoking a joint at the end of another day in paradise. That must've snuck in before Nancy Reagan told everyone to just say no . Steve, Diane and nuclear family look like they have it all in the Cuesta Verde housing development. Steve's the company's top salesman and is responsible for selling 42% of the lots to like-minded suburbanites. Things couldn't be more perfect until their daughter Carol Anne (the late Heather O'Rourke) utters the immortal words they're heeere as invaders from the other side arrive through the television set. It's a brilliant idea to have the terror emanate from the idiot box and after poor Carol Anne is whisked off into limbo land, the show hardly stops for a breath until the no-holds barred finale. Some of the parapsychological babble espoused by a team of spook-busters and midget medium Tangina (Zelda Rubinstein) is tedious but Hooper (who hasn't made a successful film since) and Spielberg put on such a dazzling display it hardly matters. It's also fascinating watching state-of-the-art special effects, circa 1982. Some of it looks a little hokey by today s standards but at other moments it's actually refreshing to witness live effects and not the increasingly dull computer generated trickery of today. Pumped along by a full-tilt Jerry Goldsmith score and fuelled by the notion that home is suddenly the least safe place on earth, Poltergeist is a pants kicking spook story that the Shape remembers fondly from his youth. 