I really enjoyed the movie. Being a die hard xmen comic/book/cartoon fan I could appreciate the acting in prof-X and Wolvie.I thought that even though this is the first of many sequels the Xmen seemed a little too weak and teenagerish. The fight scenes were good the first time but need more depth, especially with storm. I mean Halle didnt really move, run, jump, or anything like that and she is supposed to fly. The was too much shown in the prep-school mansion area and not enough in the lower cool x-men area. The danger room could have been shown..(or is that saved for the sequel with aypocolipse and the Shi'ar.) For the most part the acting was good. The COSTUMES WERE TERRIBLE!! I understand that it would be impossible to bring the comic book costumes, but they could have been a little similar at least. I did not like the boyfriend of rouge or soon to be iceman, he was too not like iceman.Scott Summers was not tough enough and didnt have any leadership. The movie(s) need to evolve into an expanding story possibly the next installment could have to do with the predecessor of senator Kelly (since he was killed) and the anti-mutant movement and the Sentinels.Then you could bring in the Ms Marvel/Shi'ar/aypocolipse story in the third. I hope we get to see more of a conflict with wolverine and sabertooth(the dog tag thing was a cool hint). Beast and Gambit need to be a part of the next movies. Rouge could grow up a little and take Jubilee under her wing for a small sub-plot ..or not cause rouge has already filled the roll of the little girl finding herself. Thanks for reading this long pile of babble and in a final note I would like to....no I would beg the team of producers of the next movies to not change any cast members or the director. nothing ruins a movie franchise more than different feels to movies that could expand and develope more character and expression...The Batman movies started out spectatular then new actors/directors.....it got a new feel and just sank.....Thanks again for reading :o)