I wasn't going to do this, but I couldn't resist. It's that time of night when good judgement goes out the window, and I should probably be in bed, but CastleBee's bluntness not only cracked me up, it inspired me! What can I say about Annie that hasn't already been said? Well...it was expensive for it's time. Budgeted at forty-million dollars, it was one of the most extravagantly budgeted movies of it's day in 1982. The cast was impressive: Albert Finney ( Tom Jones , Scrooge ), Carol Burnett, fresh from her very popular and long-running tv variety show and Tim Curry ( The Rocky Horror Pictureshow ). The director was John Huston, who had been responsible for what are considered some of the greatest films of all time, such as Moby Dick , The Maltese Falcon and Treasure Of The Sierra Madre to name a few. If you watch the movie (Mind you, I'm not recommending this, so don't blame me!), you can see where the money went. The sets are extremely impressive, from the grimy, bustling streets of New York in the early twentieth century, to Daddy Warbucks' (Finney) cavernous mansion (Why a kid would want to live in a mausoleum like this anyway I couldn't figure out.). So what went wrong? Basically, everything. The movie is based upon a modest little Broadway show, which was taken in turn from a popular old comic strip. The show had no pretentions. It had a simple and unselfconsciously corny storyline and characters: The poor orphan, the blowsy old crank who runs the orphange, and the rich tycoon and his secretary who you know from the outset will fall in love. It had a bunch of songs, every damn one of them so upbeat and peppy the smile never left your face even as you were preparing to throw up. You might be vomiting on your shoes, but at least the toes were tapping as you did! Then Hollywood got involved, and decided that if simple was good then bigger, better and downright BLOATED was even better! They added new, even worse songs. If you are one of the millions who grits your teeth when you hear Tomorrow , prepare to grit your teeth and be confused at the same time when you hear Dumb Dog which--now try and follow this--is sung in place of Tomorrow where Tomorow originally ocurred in the show, so that Tomorrow could be sung, for no earthly reason whatever, over the opening credits, and then reprised in a pointless scene later in the film where Warbucks forces Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt to sing it along with the noxious little brat he has dared to bring to the Whitehouse. Where's the Secret Service when you need them? Ridiculous characters like Punjab (Geoffrey Holder), Warbucks' magical turban wearing chauffeur and faith healer were added, apparently for no reason other than to force the budget up. The character of Miss Hannigan (Carol Burnett), the nasty old lady who runs the orphanage, was altered in such a way as to change the whole dynamic, such as it was, of the role. In the play, Miss Hannigan is a tired, mean old lady who tipples to relieve the tedium of her life. As played by Burnett, the woman is a lingerie-wearing (She looks a lot like Tim Curry, who plays her brother Rooster in this, in makeup and drag in The Rocky Horror Picureshow . Maybe they should have switched roles in Annie .), vicious and potentially assaultive nymphomaniacal drunk. Not a wise choice for a family film. The ending involving a chase, a supposedly dramatic rescue by helicopter, and a totally unconvincing three-hundred-and-sixty degree character turnaround on Hannigan's part is as contrived and banal as the rest of the movie, though at this point, if you even care, you have problems of your own. After a worldwide talent search, spunky little Aileen Quinn was chosen to play spunky little Annie. I am not going to say anything more than that. I am not going to say one word about her hair, her voice, or give my personal opinion as to why she was left at the orphanage. I will leave you with this: if you find yourself with an uncontrollable craving to watch a musical about orphans, try Oliver! (1968) instead. The music is better, the story is better, and there aren't as many people in it you want to punch. 