I was disappointed with my first viewing of the film. After that, I would have given it a 2 probably. However, I was too caught up in noticing all the little, and large, deviations from the novel to really allow myself enjoyment for what it was: a cinematic interpretation of my favorite novels. So I saw it again. I still have my problems with Faramir showing fallability in the face of the ring. But I can see Jacksons view that half if not more than half of the audience haven't read the book, and since the movie was not going to end with Shelbob, may as well end it with the audience thinking that Faramir was Frodo's biggest threat. Also, we still have The Return of the King to look forward to seeing Faramir pull himself together. The worst part, I thought, something I actually boo'd outloud at twice was when Frodo stands in front of the Nazgul showing the rider the ring--the ring, the one thing a nazgul exists for--and one freeking arrow in th belly of that 3 ton beast made it fly away???? Come on!!! The purpose of your being immortal is directly in front of you. GET THE DARN THING!!! So that sucked, that's why it gets no 5 rating from me. That made Sauron and his forces look like panzies. You never felt that way in the book for a second. I concede the addition of Arwen to add something for the ladies: the love triangle. Gollum is amazing. The CGI (cpu generated images) in the film, especially with Gollum, were so cool, so well done. The ent plot was underdeveloped unfortunately. Now for the difference I extremely enjoyed: I really loved the humanistic side of Jackson in this movie. What a mean is, in a grand sence, in the book, you knew the implications of even one battle lost, that is the destruction of Middle Earth and all its inhabitants, but that is so easily portrayed in pages and pages of detail. But in the movie you really saw the face of tragedy impending. You really saw fear in faces at Helms deep. Shots of children being taken from their mothers to fight was key to this, showing the humanist in Jackson. Also, I loved how Jakson depicted the dying of the elves. Its so hard to grasp the love and devotion showed by these elves who risk their immortal being for a fallible, mortal race. Aragorn's reaction to that elf dying made my gut wrench. Very well portrayed! So, in the end, we are set up once again for a great start to the next movie. I cannot wait for how the CGI works with the Queen of Terror, and yes jackson confirmed that SHE is in it. If you haven't read any of the books, but love the movies, try picking up the second and third books. Start with the second book at the end, the last 40 pages or so. Start with the chapter Cirith Ungol. You will be amazed at what Jackson left for the start of the third movie!!