umm only the best ya thats it the best i hope he makes millions off it heres the lyrics [Intro] Okay.. Guess who's back... back again Shady's back, tell a friend Now everyone report to the dance floor To the dance floor, to the dance floor Now everyone report to the dance floor Alright stop... pajama time [Verse 1] Come here little kiddies, on my lap Guess who's back with a brand new rap And I don't mean rap as in a new case Of child investigation accusation Aah aah aah aah aah No worries, pappa's got a brand new bag of toys What else could I possibly do to make noise I'd done touched on everything but little boys And that's not a stab at Michael That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho I go a little bit crazy sometimes I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes Good God, dip, do a little slide Bend down, touch your toes and just glide Up the center of the dance floor Like T.P. for my bung hole And it's cool if you let one go Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it Give a little poot poot it's okay (Fart Sound) Oops my CD just skipped And everyone just heard you let one rip {*Chorus*} Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance, yeah boy shake that ass Whoops! I mean girl... girl, girl, girl Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it Aah aah aah aah aah Just lose it Aah aah aah aah aah Go crazy Aah aah aah aah aah Oh baby Aah aah Oh baby baby Aah aah [Verse 2] {Sung} It's Friday and it's my day Just to party all the way to Sunday Maybe 'til Monday, I dunno what day Everday's just a holiday Cruisin' on the freeway, feelin' kinda breezy Get the top down, let my hair blow I dunno where I'm goin', all I know is when I get there Someone's gonna touch my body {Rap} Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair Spit on me, maybe gauge my eyes out, ewww Now what's your name girl, what's your sign? [Dr Dre: Man you must be up out your mind] Dre aah aah, beer goggles,blind I'm just trying to unwind, now I'm... {*Chorus*} Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance, yeah boy shake that ass Whoops! I mean girl... girl, girl, girl Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it Aah aah aah aah aah Just lose it Aah aah aah aah aah Go crazy Aah aah aah aah aah Oh baby Aah aah Oh baby baby Aah aah [Verse 3] {Sung} It's Tuesday and I'm locked up I'm in jail, I don't know what happened They say I was running butt naked Down the street screaming Aah aah aah aah aah Well I'm sorry, I don't remember All I know is this much, I'm not guilty They said save it boy, we've got you on tape yelling at an old lady to touch my body {Rap} Now this is the part where the rap breaks down It's real intense, no one makes a sound Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now The beat comes back and everybody loses theirselves Now snap back to reality, look it's B. Rabbit he Oh you signed me up to battle? I'm a grown man Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba I don't have any lines to go right here so Chubba tubba tell me fellas (what?), fellas (what?) Grab your left, make your right one jealous (what?) Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls Tall girls, small girls, I'm calling all girls Everyone report to the dance floor It's your chance for, a little romance or Butt squeezin', it's the season Just go aah aah aah aah, it's so appeasing {*Chorus*} Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance, yeah boy shake that ass Whoops! I mean girl... girl, girl, girl Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it Aah aah aah aah aah Just lose it Aah aah aah aah aah Go crazy Aah aah aah aah aah Oh baby Aah aah Oh baby baby Aah aah {Outro:} Mmhmm touch my body Mmhmm touch my body Ooh boy just touch my body I mean girl just touch my body 