New Tattoo- What can I say. I knew in my heart that this album would be great, but I had no idea that I would be getting a masterpiece. This is the first Motley Crue album since Shout At The Devil that I can listen to top to bottom, without skipping any songs. This album reminds me a lot of GNR's Appetite For Destruction in that it is almost like a greatest hits album. This album has a little something for everyone. But when Mike Clink produces your record, I guess that's to be expected. It's as if this album is like a freshly recorded Decaded Of Decadence meaning that every song sounds like it is from another era. Hell On High Heels is the perfect lead track to let the world know that The Crue are back. Treat Me Like The Dog I Am is a power crunch, toungue-in-cheek punkish rocker. New Tattoo is not only the best Motley ballad by a long shot, but it's one of their greatest songs period. Dragstrip Superstar takes us on another trip down memory lane with it's glam/hard rock feel to it. 1st Band On The Moon is an anthem for the disenchanted and disillusioned fans who are starved for big, big rock. She Needs Rock N Roll sounds like vintage Motley on the surface, but after a couple of listens you'll see there's a lot of wonderful, pleasnt surprises that take place. Punched In The Teeth By Love, to me, is a song that replaces Kickstart My Heart, and takes a place right alongside Knock 'Em Dead Kid as a blood boiler. Hollywood Ending is another ballad that is simply ear candy. I was never a fan of Motley ballads(Home Sweet Home was o.k.) but the two ballads on these albums find Motley travelling a different, but much smoother, road than they've traveled before. Fake is a powerful tune in which the message is nasty, but the delivery is pure Nikki Sixx toungue-in-cheek fun. Pornostar- What would a Motley Crue album be without a song about their favorite passtime? Nuff Said. White Punks On Dope is an old Tubes song redone by the Boys. And, as is usually the case with motley cover songs, they capture the vibe perfectly. If I could give this album a 10, I would. I said 1 year ago that this would be the album that Mick Mars shows the world just how good he is. Boy, was I right. In the end, this is an album that will not only please Motley fans, but knock their socks clean off. It's clearly obvious that the people who slag this album are either wannabe fans (Dr Feelgood bandwagon hoppers) or they just don't understand Motley Crue. The funny thing is, these morons actually took the time to write a review. Anyone who says the lyrics are juvenile have obviously never heard of the concept of tongue-in-cheek. Warning to all you juvenile haters- When it sounds like Nikki is just putting together words for the sake of rhyming, there's something more going on. There's a hidden meaning under it. Too Fast and Shout were great at the hidden meanings, but after that, it got more straigh-ahead. By the time Dr. Feelgood came out, it was just rhyme-time. This album brings out the insidious side of Nikki. That's why I became a fan in the first place. And anyone who says they're no talent bums is a f***ing parasite. I remember when Feelgood came out, people wanted them to prove their ability. So they followed that up with the Motley Crue album. The same people who wanted them to prove their worth turned their backs on the Crue. So, since the Crue can't seem to please anyone, why not strive to please yourselves? And who knows. If the Crueheads put it out to be heard, we just might win a few more new recruits. 