This was really the Boss's first 'big break', and while it is only 8 tracks long, Born to Run conveys so much feeling! I find myself caught up in every song in different ways, but at the same time, in very similar ways. I consider it the ONE TRUE rock'n'roll record, and never ever get tired of it! From Backstreets to Night the listener is given a constant treat, in the form of the legendary E Street Band! There is nothing unlikeable on the entire album. Even when it ends, you find yourself saying wow! That was incredible! and the memory of it stays in your heart. Or your other post-listening option is of course to play it all over again! The song Jungleland belongs on the list of America's greatest songs of all time. There is something about it that won me over from the very first note! I was actually driving through a rough section of town the other day, and I looked at all the dilapidated apartments and the afternoon sun going down behind them, and I thought of Jungleland and Backstreets . The hope of Springsteen's songs rings through! And I can always depend on his heartfelt lyrics to elevate me and even provide insight into everyday life. And, of course, the title track has only been my favorite song for how much of my life?! I love the feeling of cranking the car stereo on that one! And, of course, 10th Ave. freeze out contains an EXTRA dose of that Springsteen Magic! Listen to that song on Live 1975/85 , and then play it on Born to Run again. You can see why all the fans go wild for it! Every single second of this album is pure heaven. I can't help but thank god for Bruce Springsteen! He is so wonderful, the one true perfect rock star, and this album shows off his studio/songwriting/musical/singing talent as well as any possibly could! Buy this right this second! You won't regret it at all! Even if you don't like Springsteen (though something is probably wrong with you if you don't!) buy it anyway! The E Street Band and of course the Boss himself will win you over!