I cannot argue that statistically, it appears as though Nader indirectly helped Bush win. But in singling the Green Party out as being responsible for Gore's loss, you are doing two things. One, you are ignoring a whole host of other factors that had equal or greater impact on the unfortunate turnout of this election, and two, you are highlighting the single problem I had with Nader's candidacy: that the Democrats now have an undeserving scapegoat and the public influence to make people believe the fault was someone else's and not their own. Which, sadly, counteracts Nader's entire reason for running. Because truly, Nader only barely helped Bush. Of the 2.8 million votes Nader collected, only 3.5% of those votes were cast in Florida. Florida is the only state, with the *possible* exceptions of Oregon and New Hampshire, where the decision was narrow enough to claim a potential spoil situation. And in Florida, ten candidates were on the ballot, most (and probably all) of whom received more votes than the number of votes that separate Gore and Bush. In a race that close, it is easy to see that any of them could have affected the outcome, which makes seven other candidates equally responsible for potentially swinging the election. Add to these factors the fact that the electoral college system enabled Bush to prevail despite being the second-place vote-getter. Also consider our poorly organized polling process, rife with mistakes and inaccuracies. Also consider the New Democrats' alienation of the progressive wing of their party. Also consider our media sensationalism, an uninformed, disenchanted, disconnected electorate (55% turnout), and a simply intolerable campaign finance policy, all of which allowed a guy like Bush to trump candidates who are far more qualified to be our nation's leader. You simply cannot hold Nader solely responsible. Blaming him alone casts an unfair shadow on a simply remarkable third-party campaign, that spent less money overall than Gore spent in Michigan. In a race that everyone knew would be one of the closest in history (polls reminded us on a daily basis), 2.8 million people voted for Nader anyway. So every one of us must have had a damn good reason. Respect that. 