John Adams is overlooked by many historians in large part because he served between two figures who loomed very large in Presidential History, George Washington and Thomas Jefferson. It can be fairly stated that Adams had a very successful and productive Presidency. He served as Vice President under George Washington and was elected to the Presidency in 1796. Adams served in a very turbulent time, but yet he managed to maintain equanimity the entire time. He was caught in the middle of many countervailing political personalities and currents. Some members of his Federalist party were itching for war with France, who supported the British. His Presidency was by and large dominated by this conflict which manifested itself through the XYZ Affair and the Alien and Sedition Acts. The XYZ Affair was a very important diplomatic correspondance that ultimately helped prevent a major war with France. Since the Revolution, the United States had a treaty with the France; it was been partially violated by Jay's Treaty, which the United States had made with England. American ships were being captured in the high seas by French ships and eventually the relationship between both countries chilled significantly. The French refused to accept American diplomatic intervention that was needed to prevent war. The French made an offer to the United States: pay $250,000 to start negotiations. The US didn't accept the proposal; our diplomats made no progress and we went home without a deal. The US and France engaged in undeclared naval warfare, but both nations ultimately wished to avoid all out war. To the chagrin of the British partisans in the US, Adams negotiated a trade deal with the French in 1800 that effectively ended the conflict. There were domestic reprocusions to the US-Franco conflict. Pro-British Federalists in the Congress passed the Alien and Sedition Acts supposedly in response to the actions of the French but in reality it was a political move to destroy the Democratic Party. The Alien Act gave the President the power to deport or imprison foreigners suspected of subverting the national government. Adams and the Federalists made little use of this. The Sedition Acts however were much more controversial. Indeed, they directly violated peoples First Amendment Rights; it censored critism aimed at the US government. Adams never really endorsed these acts, but nonetheless the political backlash was felt harshly. Both Adams and the Federalists were defeated in the election of 1800 against Jefferson and the Democrats. Adams made a good effort to pursue a moderate course but was ultimately taken under by strong political forces which he couldn't control.