Al is a man on a mission. As qualified as any in this race to govern, yet still lacking some key skills. I like Al Gore, but he seems, perhaps, to be pushing too many changes; and not ALL good, too fast- especially, for the heartland conservative voters. I think he has lost votes, by insulting Texas, promoting/supporting non-Christian marriages, and seeming way to eager to adjust to polls. His slick style is grand fabulous, yet it turns some away from him. He is a strong debator, he would present a strong image of America abroad and should be able to conduct the country's business (even if lacking in policy and implementation therof). He, even though presenting himself as his own man, was NOT able to seperate himself from Clinton in the minds of many. His slick campaign style LOOKS in some key ways like Clinton. His liberalness further drives the nail into his campaign coffin-which is why he is tied with Bush still on November 10th. Further, there are anti-Clintonites and core republicans who would not vote for him regardless of his good traits. There are many, many people who believe abortion is wrong (50 million deaths annually worldwide), and that the country would be wrong to continue this course set out by Clinton-era politics. Gore has, of course, gained much support from the other side. As many as two to five Supreme Court Justices may swing in the balance; either way. People fear this, because there is too much power given through high court decisions, which will impact the way people live on a 'daily basis,' for years to come. Gun control is another issue which distinguishes him from G.W. Bush. The large cities tend to favor his stricter controls, whereas, many rural areas feel threatened when asked to modify gun laws- its UnAmerican to not be able to fully protect yourself, family country. Both sides feel threatened. This voter split contrbuted to his loss of heartland states. With serious issues looking large, Gore's tendency to harm his image through political exaggeration, and an unsuccessful seperation from Bill Clinton's negative-side image (and the Clinton era), Al Gore is tied at 49% to 49% popular vote with G.W. Bush. With popular votes edging his way, and electorial votes possibly edging away, we will not know for another week and a half whether he's the new man, or in the can ; depending, yet, on Florida's mess and overseas and absentee balloting. Had Mr. Gore been a little more moderate on several issues and not tried to win every issue (through opinion poll), he would have won over more inclined supporters who are otherwise happy with the economy (Clinton's doing or not); and he should have won by 8 to 10 percentage points on Tuesday. +copyright 11/10/2000 by eBrain1. ml. (used elsewhere) ..... 