Thomas Jefferson was quite possibly one of the greatest thinkers to occupy the White House. He was a critical figure in the American Revolution; a strong advocate of Lockean ideas that fueled our separation from Britain. At the core of his philosophy was the belief that the government which governs closest to the people is the one that is most accountable and transparent. As President, Jefferson cut back on government expenditures and weakened the power of the judiciary. He believed that the federal government should remain concerned with trade and foreign affairs primarily. He believed in a federalist system of government, the states and localities administer their affairs in accordance with the desires of the locals. He added an extensive chunk of territory to the United States through the Louisiana Purchase. This move helped remove the influence of Napoleonic France from the Americas. He took a genuine interest in exploring the West, even going as far as organizing the Lewis and Clark Expeditions that explored the interior of the Continent all the way to the Pacific. Jefferson is one my favorite Presidents, but he gets a star off for his weak response to attacks on our neutral ships by Britain and France, who were at war during the early 1800's. He reacted by using diplomacy and an embargo and non-importation act. Jefferson wanted to prove the value of neutral trade to the British and the French. It really ended up hurting us, products were left rotting on docks up and down the Eastern seaboard. Merchants attempted to dodge the embargo by trading with both France and Britain. New Englanders truly resented this, being that trade was their livelihood. Most saw this as a Virginian trying to destroy their lives. The lesson that we constantly fail to learn is that unilateral embargoes never work. When a cartel, or a group of countries, embargo against another country, like what happened with South Africa a few years ago, you usually get the concessions you want. But on the balance, Jefferson was a good President. I would argue however that his Presidency wasn't the greatest contribution to this country he made.