George Washington ellicits so many reactions, conjures so many ideas, and evokes many emotions. But what was he really like? What were his strengths? His weaknesses? The real legacy of George Washington does give us an interesting measuring stick for Presidents to come-- He was a fascinating military personality--he knew when to fight and when to run. Certainly the war would have been lost had he fought at every opportunity. By casting his lots with Hamilton, he helped set the stage for a strong federal government that would ensure financial security for those who were considered legitimate --white male land owners. Certainly this decision on Washington's part was a mixed blessing... 1. It helped establish the notion of the federal government's responsibility in at least partially ensuring financial security. 2. But it was geared toward protecting the old aristocracy by elevating the financially well-endowed to extreme positions (this should sound familiar to those who lived in the 80s, early 90s, and, of course, those living right now...) while effectively leaving out the already disenfranchised women, to say nothing of the poor slaves. Of course, one might say that you must judge a man or woman's morality in the context of his/her time. But I am inclined to believe otherwise... Washington himself owned slaves, and he had multiple mistresses, including slave mistresses (as Jefferson did.) His moral compass may have been off a little there. This is an interesting historical point, because so many were calling for impeachment of Clinton because he lied to cover for a sexual transgression, yet fit in the context of the whole of the presidential succession, Clinton fairs well. At least he didn't own slaves... But I don't mean to browbeat George Washington--outside of his plantation and slaves, he did risk quite a bit in taking up with the rest of the colonial Whigs in overthrowing British rule. He refused to be crowned king by accepting a Presidency (though the history texts will reveal that George actually bribed all of the electors who placed him into power with barrels of alcohol and other party favorites...) Washington's legacy is a mixed basket of bravery (the war), compromise of virtue (slave-holding, political bribery, sexual affairs tantamount to rape (coercion of slave mistresses)), humility (refusal to accept a kingship), etc. I suppose it is indeed difficult to review this President beyond the glory and fanfare of his being the FIRST in a long line of interesting characters. Strip the fanfare away and he was a fair to bad President, leading by poor moral example. Strip the President and the history from George Washington and you have something close to what people think--the FIRST President of the United States who chopped the cherry tree down, beat the Brits, and suffered from a bad case of splinters in the gums... 