Here are some observations about Reagan, one of my 3 favorite Presidents: (1) He didn't change his opinions to try to win. I remember so well during the '84 election when Mondale's people were running polls and trying to find out what certain groups of people were wanting to hear. You always knew where Reagan stood. (2) While Jimmy Carter was saying to us, Trust me, Reagan was saying, I trust you, the people. He had more faith in the grass roots than in a bloated government. (3) While other politicians would seek to divide people and demonize certain segments of society, blaming one group or another for causing inflation, Reagan would simply say that inflation hurts all of us and that all of us can work together to rebuild the economy. (4) He was incredibly upbeat and optimistic, much more than I was, or just about anyone else I knew. (5) He and his wife genuinely loved each other. That used to bug some people to death. Whether you liked Nancy or not, everyone knows that he always did, and she adored him as well. (6) Those who worked closely with him were amazed at his freedom from bitterness. He didn't carry grudges against his critics or seek revenge. (7) He had the courage to stand up to the illegal PATCO strikers, and dismissed them when they continued to break the law. (8) He came across as one of us, instead of just another lawyer from a rich family, which seems to be the common fabric of our national leaders. (9) Look at who his enemies were: all the unruly, anti-American, anti-family, immoral leftist organizations hated him. You can tell a real man by looking at those who oppose him. (10) His spontaneous speech at the '76 Convention, invited unexpectedly by Ford, the nominee, was the most moving political speech I've ever heard. That night, the GOP delegates quickly realized they had made a mistake by choosing Ford instead of Reagan. (11) When reporters were nasty to him, which they always were during press conferences, he responded respectfully and with good humor. (12) He was free from fear, and instilled a feeling of confidence in people across the country at a time when we really needed it. (13) He seemed to love this country more than other leaders - at least any I have observed. (14) He was not only intelligent, but had the soul of a poet, which was appealing aesthetically. (15) He had a deep respect for the Oval Office, refusing even to remove his coat while in the room. Such symbolism may appear silly to some people, but I really missed that sense of respect during all those years that our former Governor Clinton was in office. (16) Every president has the ability to appeal to either the best or the worst that is in us. Some presidents have stirred up animosity among people, or have whetted their appetite for more government handouts. Ronald Reagan appealed to our sense of history, national pride, patriotism, unity, and a belief that we could work together and make this a better country. He was one of my favorite people even long before he became president. I don't expect to ever see a man like him in the White House again.