Martin Van Buren had served as Andrew Jackson's Vice President four years prior to his election to the Presidency. He came into office making it very clear that he planned to continue the policies of Jackson. He did not take a decisive position on slavery, merely stating that it was a states' rights issue. By the time that Van Buren assumed office, the country had fallen into a deep recession due to Andrew Jackson's disastorous financial policies. Inflation was extremely high. Two months into his Presidency, the roof fell in, and the Panic of 1837 brought the longest and most significant economic depression in the nation's history at that time. Van Buren did little to respond to the crisis until 1840, when he introduced a weak plan for the establishment of an independent treasury system. By this time, the economy was in shambles as were Van Buren's chances of re-election. Van Buren also shadowed Jackson's policies with his continued enforcement of the Indian Removal Act, which went on throughout his entire administration. Van Buren opposed the admission of statehood for Texas, also costing him many votes in the south. Meanwhile, a small revolution was occuring in Canada. A small group of separatists sought to break off from Britain. American settlers in the Niagra River region began selling guns and supplies to the rebels, leading the British to attack an American ship, killing one American. The country swept with anti-British sentiments, but Van Buren, never confrontational, sent troops to the region to keep AMERICANS from aiding the rebels and declared the United States neutral in the Canadian independence affair. In the final anaylisis, The Van Buren Administration basically served as a continuence of the Jackson Administration. His handling of the Canadian Independence Affair was seen by many Americans as weak rather than prudent. I think had Van Buren stepped out of Jackson's shadow and set his own clear agenda for the country, he would have faired better and possibly been elected again in 1840. The people under our system, like the king in a monarchy, never dies. -- Martin Van Buren, 8th President of the United States.