Fahd, the King of Saudi Arabia for 20 years died yesterday after a long struggle with a variety of ailments. Since his debilitating stroke nearly 10 years ago, his public functions had been curtailed significantly. Saudi Arabia itself is very important geo-politically. The news of the death of the king caused some instability in energy markets throughout the world, but his death was imminent for months, so it came to no surprise for many. The new king who will take over will be similar to Fahd, a moderate reformer, but it's clear that a major shake-up is on the horizon for this country. The problem is that the two heir apparents are both 80 years old and in poor health. After those two pass from the scene, it's difficult to tell who will take power. There's going to be major competition for the throne among the different factions in the royal family, some who want to liberalize the country, and others who want to appease the reactionary, Wahhabi-extremist element within the country. Overall, Fahd and the Royal Family are ruling a country that is in bad shape. Even though it sits on the world's largest oil reserves, the country is in deep debt. They have consistently run deficits for the past 30 years; the country spends over 1/5th of its budget on defense. Likewise, social spending on education and health care has subsequently gone down because of financial constraints, thus causing alienation among the population, especially young people. A booming population of young people has put an inordinate strain the social safety network of the country. With unemployment among this group reaching 25%, this will be the major challenge the Saudi government faces in the future, especially in its battle against the fringe elements expressing social and political alienation. In short, a perfect storm is brewing in Saudi Arabia and its leaders seem to be more than content in continuing the current path. Per capita income in Saudi Arabia in 1980 was $25,000, today its $7,000. The main reason why the country has seen this precipitous drop in income was that oil prices went down during the 1980's and the 1990's after a huge peak during the oil crisis in the 1970's. Saudi Arabia failed to diversify its economy like other Arab states in the region have, thus creating the rampant unemployment situation, especially among young people under 30 who are well-educated and therefore unwilling to do mechanical jobs on the oil fields. The real question now becomes can the Saudi Royal Family keep this polarized society together. Moves to democratize the country have been strictly cosmetic so far and they continue to imprison those who question the government. Such policies, when combined with a difficult economic situation, makes the extremist/revolutionary cause appealing to those who would not find it so under normal circumstances. The Saudi leadership has to become less autocratic and more open to economic and social reform if they expect to maintain stability in their country. This is one country that is a very important domino in the scheme of things.