I believe this man is bad for our country. He is a man of division as even his words prove him out to be. He constantly trys to get his ways by class warfare to get himself political gain, and if there is a group of people he thinks is large enough to get him profit politically, he'll USE them!! This man USES people! It's always the group who he thinks is the larger that he says he'll FIGHT for. Who does he think he is fighting? Another American? This ought not to be as a leader!! ALL of us are Americans, at least I thought we were!! But here we have a man who is doing his best to tear this country apart (probably out of ignorance) pitting the rich against the poor, the gun lovers against the gun haters, the homosexuals against straight, the pro-choice against the pro-life, the individuals against the corporations, and on....and on....and on!!!!! Who does he want to fight next?? I'm fearful that I am the next person on his attack list!! It's amazing, to watch this campaign unfold and to listen to the things being said to certain Americans by the President of the United States to incite them. It is irresponsible. Who could have ever imagined that the leadership of our government would be so craven for power that it would stoop to such a low level in hopes of panicking its own people to their side by fear mongers? All of the people of this country are important, and not just certain special groups, as Gore agendas so often indicate. Gore speaks of the rich as his enemies, and to hear his talk he trys to instill hatred between the classes, but he's too ignorant to realise that they are some of the most important people of this country, for without them where would many of our jobs be? Bill Clinton is traveling from black church to black church warning parishioners that their civil rights, and even their human rights, are literally at stake if the Republicans retain control of Congress and George W. Bush is elected president. Really, what it is, is a politician USING CLASS for political gain!! And I personally think that stinks!! Where are all the people who are fed up with this class envy stuff the liberals have spoon fed us with so long? But so many people just have gobbled it right up, and continue to do so!! And we have Gore running around telling America's grandparents that if Bush is elected they'll lose their Social Security. What kind of political leader chooses to create such false panic and fear among the elderly? It's a lie; he's knows it. What kind of a man is this? They say, It's not fair that some groups should get more than you do, it's not right, and Republicans are the reason for it. Elect us, and we'll see that everybody gets equally. If liberals made sure that everybody got equally, what we would get equally is misery. They want to punish the successful people for the sake of the jealous unsuccessful. See the hate they're instilling between classes? I guess what the problem is, is that so many people have given up on the American Dream and Independence and just want everybody (government) to hand them everything and spoon feed them, because they have lost inititive, and it is because people are getting used to being spoon fed by our government. They're too lazy to do anything for themselves. Socialism never motivated anybody, except the dictator. Socialism failed eventually in the Soviet Union, and it will also fail here. The reason our country has been great up to this point has NOT been because of Government, but because of individuals. Individuals with INITITIVE! This country is not what it is because of government rule, but inspite of it! ALL individuals should be important, and if our leaders continue to lose sight of that, we are headed down, down, down as a great nation! 