Fabulous though controversial man. Top notch mayor. Saved NYC from Black Democrat David Dinkins farcifal four years (1990-1994). Cleaned up New York. Saved the lives of the very people who protest against him by crushing gang violence and drug overdoses. Overdoes it often but gets the job done. Police can be racist and domineering but that's not Giuliani's fault, all cities have that problem to some extent. Searches of minority persons seem unfair but since minorities in NYC cause the vast majority of crime you don't expect the police to search the squirrels, do you? It's reality, folks. Throw away Jeffersonian ideals. They get you no where. Plus the police are no more troublesome then the gangs and minority hoodlums they save the city from. It ain't easy to rule a jungle like NYC, remember. You try it. Back to Giuliani: Crime and drug dealing fell by two digit percentiles by the first four months of his first term--as yet unprecendented in world history. Police reforms and crime reforms started a national reform movement throughout the nation's cities--so no matter what city you live in you owe Giuliani. All city reforms of crime are based on his measures, not Clinton's whimpy 3 Strikes And You're Out stuff that allow you to murder three times before you're finally put away--great victory for the innocent, that. Giuliani: Vilified for the NYPD's mistreatment of innocent minority citizens such as Pat Dorismund (girlfriend-beater, child criminal, drug dealer) and a young gun-loving Latino called Louima who falsely quoted a cop to topple the mayor. Hated by Al Sharpton and his followers who condemn people literally BEFORE the law (is put in place)--such people being the same who call Giuliani fascist yet think it's perfectly unfascist to topple the legal system in favor of mobocracy and who feel its perfectly acceptable to ally with racist black groups to get things done and who think it enjoyable to use threat and intimidation to scare the middle class into submission--the UNFASCISTS, remember. Though their right wing conspiracy attacks stink of Stalin. Giuliani: Scarred and hated--as all great men are and were--from George Washington ( pompous dictator ) to Abe Lincoln ( America's Judas ). Stuff about his wife and girlfriend is annoying--but as Democrats say your private life doesn't matter. Such they have made perfectly clear. Why the sudden change of views regarding Giuliani?