As Americans, we all owe a profound debt of gratitude to this man. While certainly not a perfect leader, he exhibited the moral leadership that guided our young republic through a period of great uncertainy regarding its future. Having served his country for nearly two decades prior, Washington clearly had the option of returning to Mount Vernon and leaving the enormous task of establishing a government to others. However, he had such a profound belief in our country's opportunity to be a great shining beacon of freedom and democracy in the world. In presiding over the Constitutional convention and assuming the daunting task of serving as our nation's first Chief Executive, Washington exhibited tremendous leadership skills. As president, he established the modern Judicial system and signed the Bill of Rights into law, thereby establishing the inalienable rights of America's citizens. In declining to run for a third term, Washington set an important precedent that the American presidency was bigger than one man. In answering a tremendous call to service and relinquishing his sword when he knew it was time to do so, he set a profound example for future presidents to follow. Objectively, he had some rather substantial failures in dealing with the emerging issues that faced the great republic. By the end of his term, France and the United States were nearly at war, largely due to Washington's ineffective management of the growing crisis. Furthermore, Washington was perhaps the only man that would have been able to negotiate a reasonable compromise on the issue of slavery and perhaps spare the thousands of lives that would be lost in the Civil War. However, Washington's greatness is quite evident. He led our nation through a period of great uncertainty and because of him our nation has endured for over two centuries. Like all leaders, he had his faults, but he was a deeply humble man whose greatest attribute was his profound faith and belief in the promise of a young republic to be a beacon of freedom and democracy throughout the world.