Eisenhower was a solid President, he handled it right in most cases. No President is perfect, but he had a good sense of the office and always handled himself with the utmost professionalism. Most people consider the 1950's a conformist period with a conformist leader at the helm, but lets examine the record a little more closely. It could very well be argued that America was at the top of her power during this time. Whenever a foreign policy question arose, Eisenhower would always ask is it good for America. A very simple value, but it rings true even today. Some on this board claim that Eisenhower was never tested, but he had taken huge risks throughout his career. The Landing at Normandy was Ike's call and it was one that even he had doubts about until the last minute, only at that moment did he decide to take the big risk. His Presidency was relatively quiet, but the crises that he had to deal with were handled well, namely the Suez Canal Crisis of 1956. Britain, France and Israel had coordinated an attack on Egypt, who had nationalized the Suez Canal in an attempt to get the British stakeholders out of the country. Eisenhower realized that we would be put at a bad position with the Arabs if we did supported the invasion. The British failed because the US didn't support it; really that ended Britain's colonial empire and signaled the rise of American power in the world. The Soviets also lost their chance to make a significant impression in the Middle East; the Russians would have told the Arabs, hey look at these Americans supporting the imperialists. That would have weakened the American cause throughout the Middle East and the rest of the 3rd World, where the Cold War was really fought. We became very popular throughout the Middle East because we stood up for Arab nationalism. Eisenhower realized that being a fair mediator in foreign policy will reap huge outcomes and that a prudent realist worldview is the best way to see things; no starry eyed idealism here. But he did take the long view of things as well. He ended off his Presidency by warning us about the rise of the military-industrial complex and how the economics of war threatened to make peace a difficult venture. It was aimed at President Kennedy, with his premonitions about a missile gap with the Soviets that really wasn't. It was Kennedy who really started the militarization of our economy at home, something that we're still dealing with. Johnson promoted his guns and butter economics which lead to the rampant inflation and stagnation of the 1970's. At home, Eisenhower emphasized a balanced budget and lower government spending. He believed that the government should do a few things but do them right. Look at the interstate highway system: it revolutionized transportation and logistical systems throughout the country. It really helped economic growth by making regional markets more interlinked. Eisenhower had a solid character; he was a no-BS personality, you had to be if you lead the D-Day invasion. I honestly wish that we could have a President like Ike again, someone that takes a balanced view of things.