The best, most intelligent, and genuine guy. He may have stuck it to Monica but who cares. And for people like stalconer say how can you trust a man that can't keep his pants on? Well, just look at how the American people felt of him during the Lewinsky attacks. Umm, his ratings were above 70% approval at that time. You can look it up. And I can trust him because he never lied about public affairs, just private, and never, never used soldiers in an unjust manner..such as crappy W. has in Iraq. W. has disgraced the country by intrenational measures and domestic measures. And as for Carter, and Clinton for that matter, have done so much good after their presidency throughout the US and the world that these guys show that they were not in it just for themselves. They genuinely care, they understand the international community, and Clinton created a surplus..which the bill was not signed by a single Republican, created more jobs than Reagan and Bush Sr.'s terms together, and while we were focused on his sex life, he was busy making the best state of the union address about the war on terror. He told W. that it should be the number 1 priority on his list, and he ignored it by not paying attention to those Aug 6th pres. briefing documents, which just so happened to be titled..."Bin Laden to attack in America." 9/11 was no president's fault, and blaming that terrible act on a single man is unsubstantial. Bin Laden was a key person in terrorism after the Afghan-Soviet war, in which we backed the mujihideen Afghans...which is now mostly Al-Qaida. A Rhodes scholar, and moderate democrat who broke party lines to pass many bills, and unfortunately was scrutinized over and over about Whitewater, and found not guilty over and over, but the Independent Council statute was in effect and it's scope was so wide that it led to Lewinsky. In which I was not happy with Clinton at the time, but it was known of my business. After all Kennedy had sex with Marilyn Monroe...not proven but it's conventional wisdom that lots of presidents have done the same, just didn't get caught. Clinton left this country with a surplus, jobs, peace negotiations in the heart of where terrorisim is...Palestine and Isreal, and the man is still going strong after heart surgery. He still today, can ad lib a speech with such great fluidity and answer unscripted questions with ease and direct, unlike Bush's problems with scripted questions.