Finally! A Prime Minister who echoed the collective voice of secular Israelis and was simultaneously respectful of the Orthodox viewpoint, even when it wasn't respectful of him (which was very often the case). He was also realistic in his rapport with PA President Yasser Arafat and offered many concessions to the Palestinian people (who have suffered as much as the Israelis have with their Arab neighbors) such as water rights in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip and allowing the Palestinian Authority to have de facto control over the Palestinian destiny of eventual statehood (which I believe is inevitable). Unfortunately, the Orthodox want to make Israel a theocracy and have only reinforced their international image as hysterical, uncompromising mental midgets who have been known to physically attack Conservative and Reform Jews worshiping at the Wailing Wall while branding them as false Jews who want to deny the Jewish people Eretz Yisra'el. These shrill right-wing Likud wackos call fellow Israelis and Jews who disagree with them Nazis and Hamans! How tolerant is that? In a parliamentary democracy such as Israel, which is the only real example of democracy in the Middle East despite its flaws in the Knesset (such as constant parliamentary crises), these voices will still be heard because Ehud Barak has let them be heard, and was secure enough to call special elections even when he knew it would lead to the Likud gaining power via a coalition of several religious and secular parties (including several members of Labor). Barak is a true man of peace who tried to let the law and debate dictate Israel's diplomatic and political future. He was gracious enough to know when to walk away from a situation that he knew was not going well and to let Ariel Sharon and the right-wing shills demonstrate their diplomacy, knowing that they would get their comeuppance because Barak did more constructive dialogue with the PLO than Netan-yahoo, Begin and Shamir than any Likud right-winger ever did. Kudos to a man of principle and fair dealing!