This is part of an article written by David Limbaugh. He says it better than I. Standing Athwart Iraqi History and Yelling 'Stop' President Bush rightly defended the prudence and moral imperative of our invasion of Iraq. He reiterated his heartfelt, reasonable and correct belief that Saddam Hussein was a terrorist-abetting menace who represented a genuine threat to American security and had to be deposed for that reason alone, not to mention myriad others. He also spoke of our commitment to the Iraqi people and its new government and our noble role in helping to establish and stabilize it. Instead of joining with the president in emphasizing the triumphs that have occurred in Iraq in a stunningly short period of time, the Democrats have chosen to exaggerate any and every morsel of negativity. They have taken sides, by their disgraceful words and actions, with those forces in Iraq and elsewhere in the world who are actively undermining the interests of America and her troops, the cause of the Iraqi people and the forces of goodness in the Global War on Terror. Democratic leaders have had a chance to rise to this historic occasion and stand tall with the president and his party in the face of the evil enemy against whom we are at war for the survival of civilization. But they have instead made themselves ever smaller, demonstrating a reckless partisan pettiness perhaps without parallel in our nation's history, considering what is currently at stake in this struggle. On the eve of the Iraqi election, in which the courageous Iraqi people would once again risk their lives to vote and consummate their investment in their new republic, Democratic leaders were too paralyzed by their own Bush-hating straightjacket to grasp the sheer majesty of what was happening. You didn't catch would-be-president John Kerry, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi or Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid rejoicing at this milestone for the Iraqi people and praising the United States, much less President Bush, for making this possible. They were too busy making asses of themselves, launching vitriol at President Bush. After paying grudging lip service to Iraq's movement toward democracy, Pelosi issued a statement berating President Bush for invading Iraq instead of pursuing Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda. Displaying her well-hidden brilliance, she opined that "there are ways for the United States to make Iraq more stable that do not require 160,000 U.S. troops in Iraq and which would make the American people safer and the Middle East more secure." In the meantime, Harry Reid proudly declared that we are not winning in Iraq. Frankly, the nay-saying and specious arguments advanced by these people who masquerade as national leaders shouldn't be dignified with a response. Suffice it to say that they demonstrate how blessed America is at this point in her history not to have the modern Democratic leadership in charge of her national security. God bless America, her brave soldiers and President Bush. 