Certainly a very solid monarch. He instituted genuine law courts and cast away old germanic traditions (like trial by fire and trial by combat). He ensured the feudal lords did not become corrupt by demanding all castles be licensed. The Exchequer was revitalized to streamline financial management. Overall he made huge contributions to setting up a more modern government bureaucracy and helped prevent future inept kings and feudal lords from doing as much damage. He died two days after being defeated in battle by his own traitorous son, Richard. --- What I've always found most memorable about Henry's reign though is the circumstances surrounding the death of Thomas Beckett. Thomas Beckett was Henry's close personal friend and chancellor since 1155 and Henry made him Archbishop of Canterbury in 1162. Henry of course was trying to strengthen the law courts but in the process he was weakening the church courts and thus the status of the church. Thomas Beckett was an extremely pious man and the two friends fell into bitter disagreement. Thomas was forced to flee the country but he returned in 1170 with the intervention of the pope. Henry was furious and was known to proclaim Will none of the foul knaves here, eating my bread rid me of this infernal priest!?. Four knights there took him at his word and went to canterbury cathedral to murder him. Thomas' monks urged him to go deeper into the Cathedral when the knights were smashing in the doors but Thomas simply knelt and prayed at the altar. The top of Thomas' head was cut off by one of the the knights, and Thomas fell dead. It is said that underneath Thomas' robes there were layers and layers of uncomfortable coats swarming with lice, the discomfort he endured daily was meant to represent his humility before God. Legend has it that Henry felt so guilty about what he had done that he walked barefoot through Canterbury allowing people to scold and whip him as an act of contrition. To this day there is still a memorial above the altar where Thomas Beckett died in Canterbury Cathedral to remind us all of one of the strangest events in British history.