The most fascinating figure, and probably the most brilliant, eloquent, intelligent, and well-read man, ever to be president. His integrity can hardly be questioned, yet his contradictions make him a fascinating character study. And his commitment to the ideals of liberty and the building of a new nation leave him with few peers among the towering pantheon of Founding Fathers. His commitment to religious freedom and his unwavering desire to protect religion from government encroachment and, likewise, the government from religious encroachment, are unparalleled in American history. The "Wall of Separation" was a concept that came from his own hand. He was also, however, a philosopher and an idealist -- qualities not always suited to effective leadership, for it sometimes meant his head was in the clouds and his ideals couldn't find traction in the down-and-dirty world of politics. And when he became president, he indeed found that many of his high-minded principles didn't translate to the real world. His embargo may have been rooted in strong principle, but it was economically crippling. He believed in small government and decried extra-Constitutional actions by the federal government, yet he oversaw the purchase of a huge tract of land (the Louisiana purchase, naturally) that the Constitution gave him no authority to do. But perhaps his most enduring contribution to America is one that's not celebrated so much, probably because we take it for granted today: His ascendancy to the presidency ensured that democracy would prevail. Under the Federalists, American government was drifting toward a "Father Knows Best" type of pseudo-monarchical aristocracy, in which the common people were expected to defer their important political decisions (and opinions) to the government and essentially be happy with what rights were granted to them. Jefferson reversed that trend -- and Federalists like Adams and Hamilton were downright panicked about it -- by championing political involvement and activism from all Americans, in the democratic style that we all cherish today. For that achievement alone, he should be remembered as one of the giants of the presidency. It would take many more years for the democratic process to be opened up to all Americans, but Jefferson got the ball rolling, against considerable odds.