JJ is a man that promotes divisions, unlike his predecessor Martin Luther King. What Martin Luther King worked so hard and faithfully for, Mr. Jackson has worked to tear apart. They were both reverends yet Mr. King marched towards peace. Mr King quote I have a dream that my four children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character. This was his goal for all of mankind. Too bad Mr. Jackson, that you do not have this same dream. He wanted equality, not blood. One day you will realize the democrats use you and yours for a vote, and the democrats will realize you use them for notoriety. You, with no character at all siezes every opportunity to bicker over anything you can find to bicker about. It happens everyday. The latest is the black vote in Florida. The democratic party and yourself, NAACP, etc. campaigned very hard for the black vote. Most of them never voted before. You and the party forgot to show them how to vote. If they didnt vote correctly, then that vote wasnt counted. Same thing happened throughout the United States. You dont want equality for your people, you want them to be in a state of retardation. Dont use your head but use mine. Is that really a vote Mr. Jackson? Hopefully your people will wake up one day and say they are being used and abused, especially by you. Hopefully a leader will pop up and preach peace and equality, without contention. This day will come. Everything changes. Do you find it strange that the greatest black man Martin Luther Kings family vote Republican? They listened to him and they have the character Mr. King so longed for, for his people. Freedom is not only for your race, but for all races. We all fight for freedom everyday of our life. Another quote from Mr. King, When we let Freedom ring, when we let it ring from every village and every hamlet, from every state and every city, we will be able to speed up that day when all of Gods Children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics, will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual, Free at last! Free at last free at last! thank God Almighty, we are free at last! This was meant for all of mankind Mr. Jackson. So you and Mrs. Waters, NAACP, and whomever believes your race is the only race in need of freedom, take a look at that speech from Martin Luther King. You might get an education.