People- what's with the hype over Janet Reno running for Governor and being constantly attacked over Eli n Gonz lez, and Waco? Can this beautiful State (Country) with its beautiful people- stop falling for all of the political-spin and get down to facts. Learn to read, and think for yourselves- instead of falling for the B.S., of planted rumors, divide-and-conquer politics of the Republican Party. Janet Reno has paid-her-dues, unlike the wealthy Bush family who have it all handed to them. She fought every inch of the way. She was hounded and humiliated by everyone around her (including the President) but stayed focused and just did her job followed the Law of the Land-was brave. She didn't give in to special interest groups or play the politics-as-usual (you scratch my back I'll scratch yours) game. SHE DID HER JOB. Forget the GOP, Right Wing Religious Groups, Big money industries, hate-groups and propaganda spread on the internet, newspapers, right-wing churches etc., etc. Think for yourselves- People; use what God gave you to think with, use your brains. Don't let the conservatives (who are so full of hatred because of losing control in the 90's) put Ms. Reno, or anyone down because they are strong (or oh-my-Gosh) a woman or a minority! Things will never change until people stop electing officials because they produced the most propaganda, or had the most money (to spend) on rumors and lies- to govern us! The troubles which surrounded Waco and Elian were of the people's own doings. They decided to give the Attorney General of the United States and the Law of our Country, the finger -go to hell attitudes. That is what caused their grief, not Janet Reno. Ms. Reno gave them more time and consideration than anyone else would have in the same situations. Today, the people at Waco could be just another Religious organization and all be alive- if their leader would just have followed the Law and done what was right. It was their Leader who killed those poor people, who trusted him- it was not Ms. Reno, as the Right-wing propaganda spin has put out there. Their leader had no intentions of leaving his position as Lord and Ruler over the group. The relatives of Elian would probably have him today- if they would have just followed the rules--the Law. Then maybe his Father would have let Elian stay. Maybe the family would have stayed after arriving here. If Elian is being held prisoner and it's so horrible in Cuba today (as his Uncle states, then why does his Uncle regularly visit his relatives in Cuba)? Maybe, it would all have been different...if Elian's relatives would have just followed the Laws of America and not made it a Castro-Cuban/American fight out. We ALL have to follow the Law (well most of us) why couldn't they? These are just my thoughts and of course you may ignore me because I am just a Woman, not rich, no connections, just an average every day American sick and tired of the B.S., in this State and in this Country. BUT I believe in this Country, in the Law's and most especially in JANET RENO, and others like Her who are strong, independent and true to the job's they perform. 