Jimmy Carter would have never been elected President had Watergate not happened, he was strictly a historical fluke. However, he was a good man and was very intelligent. He helped develop a nuclear submarine program when he served in the Navy during the 1950's. For a Southerner of his generation he was regarded as a progressive in many key questions, especially involving race. He chose to pursue the Democratic Nomination for President in 1976 and against all odds he won the Presidency. He was never a very effective President in large part because he didn't understand how to use power. His basic problem was his approach to administering the Executive Branch, he was way too much of a micromanager and therefore he couldn't focus in on the big picture. On domestic policy proposals, he faced a very hostile Congress which actually came from his own party. Many of his proposals involving energy consumption were well-intentioned and in retrospect far-sighted. Carter's problem was that he put idealism ahead of realism and when a leader does this, he ends up forcing a political agenda up the throats of the people against their will. Goals become ephemeral in nature rather than solid and fixed. That was the problem with the Carter agenda; he acted as if he knew all and to hell with the Congress and the rest of the political establishment. It was a personal attribute of Carter to be a little sanctimonious about things, people don't like being preached at. Politicians always got a sermon when they came to see him and it cost him when he couldn't get his programs through Congress. The people didn't like it when they were told by the President that they would have to do with less and that the country was stuck in a state of malaise. Such a pessimistic attitude was bound to breed discontent. It could be argued that his Middle East policies led to the Iranian Revolution, which caused a second oil shock in 1979, causing inflation to rise along with stagnation of the economy. Combine this with the Federal Reserve's monetary austerity programs at the time and you had a very bad economic situation at the end of the Carter Presidency. His big accomplishment was Israeli-Egyptian Peace Accord at Camp David. While it left some issues concerning Palestinian self-determination hanging, he was able to secure an agreement ending hostilities between Egypt and Israel. Essentially, Egypt had to give up control of the Sinai in exchange for Egyptian diplomatic recognition for the state of Israel. At the end, Israel had to concede some territory, but they ended up gaining an upper hand in dealing with the Arabs. At least one of the largest states of the Arab league came to the table, thus making relations in the region a little better. We should probably try to be a little more evenhanded like Carter was in the Middle East during this time. Detente also fell apart during this period in large part because of Carter's extreme reaction to the invasion of Afghanistan. Carter initially was relatively soft on the Soviet Union, provoking the invasion in the first place. He lost re-election because of a sluggish economy and the Iranian hostage crisis; he was easily portrayed as ineffective and maybe rightfully so. His performance as an ex-President has been very good overall; Carter's a good man, but not at all suited for the Presidency.