Do you live in Texas? If you don't, you don't know a darn thing. You don't know his ability to leed. I lived in Los Angeles for a time in the early 70's and before we had these special cars with emission control. Well in Los Angeles,they used to have smog stage alerts. On bad days, which back then were 90% of the time, it was a 4. Here in Texas we have 7's! Schools are closed down and people, not just with lung problems are urged to stay indoors. I have lived here for 25 years and it was NEVER this bad until Bush got here. He and all his big corporation buddies have gotten out of control. People say they don't want big government. What your going to get is BIG CORPORATION. Us seniors have the worst medical here. My freinds in other states have it much better. As for social security it has gone up more each year in the last 7 years than ever before. And I need every penny. If you take money out of social security now, (private investments) all your parents and grandparents checks will be cut!! Do you want that? Plus it would be too risky in the stock market when it takes a dive. What you are paying towards social security now is what is paying us today. We also have NOT had a tax increase since Bush Sr. Bush Sr's campaign slogan was READ MY LIPS NO NEW TAXES. And what was the first thing that happened when he was elected? The taxes were raised. And Bush Sr. said he could not help it, congress did it, which is true. You see Bush Jr. CAN NOT promise you a tax cut or anything like that. It has to go threw congress. And our economy has to be strong to hold a tax increase at bay. We have not gotten a tax raise in over 7 years and that says alot about the economy! Just last week all sales taxes across the country have gone down. That is because we are paying our deficit down, which in turn will make us all more wealthy and our country in the long run. Bush will give us money from the surplus, which turns out to be $35.00 per person. We are only seeing the tip of the iceberg of the benifits from paying off the deficit and having a bank account. I am an American, and all these foreigners are making alot of money off of us from the TRILLIONS of dollars we are paying them in interest. Look at it this way, if you have credit card debt. How much more money would you have if you did not have the debt with interest each month? Alot. Now think of the benifts on our taxes and our strength of our country. All the other countries would not be getting rich off our trillions of dollars we give them in interest. Instead we would have more money, which in turn equals truly less taxes and a future for our country and our children. Look I am eighty years old and I have seen presidents come and go, I have seen good and bad economy times. But I have never witnessed an economy like this one, it is truly a fine tuned machine, that will make our childrens future and our countries future wealthy. It is too late for me on some of the benifits, but for the young, 20's-60's your future can be bright financially. This is the strongest our economy has been in the history of our Country. This is a good team of people. And on the oil issue, why didn't Bush Sr. strike up a deal with Kuwait? We will put our men and women on the line to protect you, and in return we want oil rights? something? Nothing. Why? Bush is into oil here in Texas big time. Conflict of intrest.(looking out for himself not the people) Now why does Bush Jr. and the oil companies want to drill in Alaska? MONEY FOR THEM. Conflict of interest? The eco system their is very touchy. It basically keeps our planet balanced, it could speed up melting, in turn no money in the world could save us or our planet. Alaska the artic should NEVER be touch. The oil spill bothered you their? so should this. Bush and his family would benifit more than you could imagine. Are you more worried about the company you work for shutting down now or 8 years ago? Has your 401k done better now or before 8 years ago? These are questions you need to ask yourself. If Bush does not get elected he will be out of a job because next time around Texans will vote him out. Like people say they are tired of Clinton we are tired of Bush. Bush says he thinks big government is not needed. And it needs to be put into the hands of local government. If that is so, he is our local government and he has treated us Texan's poorly, he has neglected us. He likes things in the local areas of state, he has had a field day here in Texas. Like when he took Millions of our tax payer dollars to rebuild HIS baseball stadium,then got cought putting some of that money in his personal bank account. We heard about this for about 2 weeks then all of a sudden nothing, not a peep. This boy would not know what leadership was if it stuck him in the eye. That is why all the powerful corporations and Republicans are backing him, they want him in the office so THEY can run things, and further their careers. They need a brainless man in office so they can tell him what to do. Why else would they back a man with one term in any political office, ever. And his ONLY job before that was running a baseball team (which was given to him).I know there are alot better Republicans they could have picked, to back their ticket, a Senitor? a congressman? anybody but this man child. We see him all the time as our Govenor. He has no sense and never would give interveiws with local papers. But the NEW reinvented George Bush is what you see now. Like doctor jeckle and Mr. Hide. Also what do I tell my grandchildren, don't work hard at all in your life and grow up in a powerful family , then you can be The President of the United States? Look I am a Republican and have always voted as so. But I voted for Clinton the last term. And I will not vote for some one who will hurt us and my family. A last thought, realy picture Bush ALONE in a room with the new KGB leader of Russia. With no one to hold his hand. (presidents are expected to meet with other leaders ONE ON ONE). That is not a picture I feel safe with. I am not a follower my vote is for Gore. 