I remember a speech that brought tears to the eyes of many people. I remember Al Gore moving so many with his endearment of his sister who died of lung cancer due to smoking. I remember his vow. Four years later, I remember him addressing tobacco farmers about his past and experience of growing tobacco, with his bare hands, cutting, and hanging it in the barn, but in greater detail. He had the tobacco farmers supporting him, and not once did he mention his sister. Why? Al Gore is a fake and a liar and not to be trusted. His book clearly outlines his Socialist agenda. His communistic outlook on us, as dwellers. His views on how we should be governed should make every American take note on the Counties that have no Democracy. If you're not sure how bad it is, move there and experience it yourself, then write about your freedoms and the value that you now hold on it. For the men and women who died for us to have the rights that we now have, how can we turn the other cheek. Tipper Gore vehemently went after the music/video/TV in her ratings campaign to make our airwaves a safer place for our children and for us as parents a guide for discernment. This past year she and Al hobnobbed with those same people, and this time picking up a check and promising their support. Al Gore used to back the NRA, not anymore. He is for partial birth abortions. A five, or seven month old can be pulled from his mothers womb, partially, then have their skull smashed enough to make a hole with a pair of scissors, (baby is alive mind you) and then the doctor inserts a wire whip type of device and scrambles the brain of this innocent baby. This is what Al Gore backs. This is murder. The elections are over, well, should be. Gore lost, but won't accept it. We've counted and recounted three times and he still doesn't get it. His attorney put out the Drudge report on How to disqualify the absentee oversea ballots of our armed forces, the men and women stationed over seas, by our country. I think we need to step back and ask Al Gore to please step down, enough is enough.