Jesse Jackson may have HAD good intentions when he began his cruisade, however he has gotten carried away with his cause and is now causing more harm than good. He reminds me of the father from the Poisonwood Bible. It frustrates me to know there is someone calling himself Reverand when he supports abortion, wants to abolish the death penalty and is working for affirmative action. If he read his bible and studied it like a true reverand he would know that abortion is morally wrong. He would also know the term an eye for an eye and as a reverand he should not need translation for that, if your hurt another purposely then you in return should suffer that same pain. As for the affirmative action, i believe it has good goals but now it has become a useless, ineffective and somewhat demoralizing law. Life isn't fair. Did you know asians are not considered a minority anymore? That is because they are generally successful. So is it only the unsuccessful people who are going to cry discrimination? I understand way back that black people were discriminated against but so were the irish and japanese, just to name a few. They were able to overcome it. People do discriminate but Mr. Jackson must recognize that the more the country dwells on it the longer it will take to get over it. Oh and one more thing. How could the great Rev. counsel Pres. Clinton during his time of adultry during his own time of adultry? Talk about a hypocrite. He has strayed so far from God that what he doesn't know what is the truth anymore. God is not a crowd pleaser, that's why people have such issues with religion. Mr. Jackson has taken it upon himself to adapt christianity to the 20th century. Christianity has not changed since it began and it still has a large following, Mr. Jackson has no right to be making changes just to please the crowd. Mr. Rev Jackson needs to step back from his public life and reconnect with God and beg for forgivness from his wife and family before he can begin preaching and demanding things from the country.