I think that John Kerry is one of the more interesting candidates in the field for the Democratic nomination for President in 2004. Mr. Kerry is a Senator from Massachusetts who has served his country is a variety of fronts. A scion of a wealthy family, he went to the best schools in his youth. He served with distinction during the Vietnam War as a commander of a gunboat where he saved the lives of his fellow solders, earning him honor back home. His experience in Vietnam lead him to become a founding member of Veterans Against the Vietnam War, an anti-war organization consisting of veterans of the war who influenced public opinion on the matter. Kerry testified to the Senate on the unwinnable nature of the Vietnam War during this period. He went on to practice law and in the 1980's, he was elected Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts along with Governor Michael Dukakis, who would go on to run for president in 1988, only to lose to George Bush Sr. by a wide margin. Kerry ran for and won a Senate seat in 1984. In the Senate, Kerry has developed a moderate record. He is strong on national defense and foreign policy, which is important in the current world climate. He supports the war on terrorism and he supports President Bush's resolution on the Iraq situation. On domestic policy, he is a standard liberal Democrat on most issues. I don't agree with a lot of his stances, but I think that his tough and experienced approach to foreign policy may be beneficial to the country. In my view, it would be smart for the Democrats to nominate someone like Kerry because people want to make sure that their leaders are not soft on defense and foreign policy matters. In this regard, Kerry is firmly on the realist camp. The Republicans and Bush will try to tag him a liberal Democrat from Massachusetts, but if Kerry is as politically deft as he appears to be, he will overcome that image. He seems to hold opinions that he genuinely believes, and that's important, but at the same time, he is a pragmatist, and that is also important as well; politics is a fickle profession! I think Kerry's intelligent, experienced, well-spoken, and a good image for the United States to project to the world. He'll get my vote if he distinguishes himself well during the campaign next year, I'm completely open.