You notice how Bin Laden waited to get us until after Clinton was out of office? - You notice how every time Saddam denied us the weapons check (when Clinton was in office) we didn't do anything, and how weak it made us look? Because he knew what an idiot Bush is... Ok, Bush isn't a great speaker, but one thing is for sure, he's down to earth. What president has come out publicly after choking on a pretzel and said that everyone should chew their food before they swallow it. I'd prefer a president that is a little bit more like us. Hardly anything bad happened when Clinton was president. We got nothing done and let Saddam Walk all over us. don't personally like Clinton because he's a liar, but he was still a very good president. If you lie to the person you have at your side, how easy is it for you to lie to a country full of people that you don't know. He's so incredibly homophobic and I take serious offense to that. LOL and did you hear he tried to ban gay sex? What the hell is that? Actually, that was or possibly still is a law in some states, anal sex all together was or is illegal in some places. And we had no business coming after Iraq. Bush ordered to go to war just because that's what he wanted. He just wanted to carry out his father's plan. But really, we had no business coming after them. Ok, so we should have let Saddam continue killing his people, making weapons that went beyond the limitations he was given, and possibly supplying Bin Laden's crew with weapons? He needs to get the hell out of office before he blows up the country. If not, we're doomed. If it wasn't for him, we'd all be dead already. If we didn't go and fight when 9/11 happened, do you think they'd just stop? Do you believe that wouldn't open up the oppurtunity for Saddam to jump into terrorist attacks on our country? Better yet, think about this, Bin Laden is no where to be found, Saddam is out of power, have we had any attacks since 9/11? Did we end up with a war on our land, in our towns and cities? Put it this way, I work at a place that's less than a mile from a naval base. Probably 30 or more come in each day, and I haven't heard one, NOT ONE, person say the name John Kerry, or that they don't support Bush. Their friends, themselves actually, are going to fight in the war, they believe in Bush, you should too.