The comment left by Neil8 on this page is so terribly off-base that I need to revise my own to correct the record. I've read quite a bit about Washington and it hurts to see people make boneheaded criticisms of the man who -- more than any other -- is responsible for the success of the American experiment, which has created more freedom, happiness, prosperity, cultural enrichment, etc., than anything else in history. Washington was a brilliant military general in determining how the inferior colonial army could win the war against the British (while losing most battles). He established, thru his generosity and wisdom, civilian control of the military (even though Congress was terribly inefficient at the time), and the virtue of relinquishing political power (a precedent that was discarded carelessly by FDR) Washington used his moral weight strategically to get the Constitution passed - impossible without him. And I have to say that he was right on virtually every decision he made as President (Whiskey Rebellion, Jay's Treaty, debt assumption, etc.) even when they were unpopular at the time. Now let me get to the task of correcting Neil8's comment. I'll prefact this by explaining that Neil8 seems to have no appreciation for the fact that melding a federal government together out of hugely divergent state interests means that you have to be cautious. I'm sure that Neil8 would have been a bigger fan of the French revolution than the American one b/c it would have satisfied his desire for someone more adamantly AGAINST the old aristocracy (you know, Reign of Terror is so much more exciting than individual rights and the rule of law!). But which one did more for the cause of freedom and the welfare of the public? Regarding the slavery question: Washington was born into a society of slaveholders. His correspondence throughout his life shows a transformation in his feelings as he recognized the inherent injustice in this terrible institution. Upon his death, Washington freed his slaves. That's too late for Neil8's sensibilities, but let's have a reality check: for Washington to do so earlier (with the incredible weight given to all his actions) would have antagonized the entire South and probably split apart the nation he spent his life welding together into an imperfect -- but damn great -- experiment in liberty! Just as a Washington's military strategy involved a lot of waiting to raise the costs of the war for Britain and cementing American patriotism... Washington saw his task as president as waiting out (and holding together) some bitter factional intersests long enough that the basic institutions of government had taken hold. Sorry Neil8, that his resume doesn't include eradicating an evil that had existed from the beginning of history; he only had time for creating the greatest nation in history. To mark that as Bad on the RIA rating scale makes you the hardest grader I've ever come across... But let me go on to deal with some other problems in your comment: I have never come across any evidence at all that Washington had a slave mistress. (By the way, if you actually read the studies, the historical/scientific consensus is now that Thomas Jefferson was most likely not the father of Sally Hemmings' child...but that's another point.) If Washington had a fault, it was that he was TOO pre-occupied with how he'd be viewed by history, so he walked the straight and narrow in a way that no one today can even imagine. To accuse him of rape with no evidence is truly low. Moreover, Neil8 is again misrepresenting history when he says that Washington bribed Presidential electors with booze. He must be referring to when Washington as a younger man ran for the House of Burgesses in VA. He lost his first election b/c he refused to have free booze available for voters, which was the custom at the time. He didn't make the mistake when he ran again -- but by the time he was virtually DRAFTED for the Presidency, there was no need (or feasible way) to give free drinks to electors that sent their ballots in from the various states! Perhaps Neil8 will consider removing political bribery from his list of slanders against Washington. Finally, as everyone knows, there was no cherry tree. That was a tall tale made up by one of Washington's first biographers -- but at least that story resonates with the overall character of this incredibly gracious, courageous, moral, wise and visionary man. The other lies in Rusty's comment are absolute falsehoods that do not relate to any reading of history that I have ever seen. Washington has been called the indispensible man for a reason. Our great nation would not have occurred without him. Last point: I'd urge anyone to read Washington's Farewell Address (largely drafted by Hamilton), which is just incredible as a prescient political document and as a literary reflection of a man unequaled for his virtue.