Since Mr. Regan has finally left this toilet bowl we call a world for a better place, I thought I'd stroll over and see what new thoughts and ideas had cropped up in the old Regan wars. It's amazing to see the extreme differences of opinion about the exact same man and set of historical events. Outside of the Clintons, the variety of opinions about Regan provide some of the best illustrations of how politically divided the country has been, is and probably always will be. The first post I read is soulfunkstein, ripping the past prez up one side and down the other as he builds his personal argument that Regan was the cause of every ill of the 20th century and probably a few before and after it. And, among Regan's many grievous sins, soulfunkstein also claims that Regan was a racist - ironically the exact thing he declares himself to be on his RIA about me page. Hmmm. Well, regardless of this duplicitous statement, this concept is obviously extremely important to him and something in which he deeply believes. Otherwise, I ask myself, why would one become so emotionally charged up that he could only see another human beings death as yet another opportunity to lambaste him and even wish that his would-be assassin had been a better shot twenty years ago. By the end of this post, Im visualizing John Belushi flipping over in his chair during one of his news commentaries on SNL. Yet, soulfunkstein is certainly not alone. As I scroll down, the same kinds of opinions are played out in other posts. As I continue on further, I finally come to Solenoid DHs post and the depth of the contrast starts to become apparent as he calmly and thoughtfully lists his reasons for admiring Reagan. These are also compelling, heartfelt ideas illustrating deeply felt beliefs. While one looks on the dark side and the other the light, both make interesting, illuminating reading. Though I dont think I ever cast one vote for President Reagan, I do have more of an appreciation for some of the things mentioned by SolenoidDH 20 years after the fact and I definitely appreciated the way he expressed them. But I also remember that there were troubles as well as accomplishments during that time that, like most memories, have seemed to have either softened or been enhanced over the last two decades however you take this will depend on which end of the chasm you tend to reside. In the end, I think of this man as having been sincere, though sometimes misguided, not a racist, but (as his son Ron said in a biographical segment yesterday), basically out of touch with some important aspects of the true racial climate of the day. I admire him for having a mind of his own, being well-grounded in his beliefs, strong but not really extreme, and having the intestinal fortitude to not give a fig what others thought when he stood up for what he felt was right whether it was politically expedient to himself or not. I also think his strong, very real and loving relationship with Nancy was responsible for his ability to carry on in the face of all those bizarre extremes foreseen or unforeseen with which all presidents have to deal. Love him or hate him Reagan had an exuberant, straightforward love for this country some may have considered dated but others sincerely appreciated. He also respected the office hed been elected to and the people he served. Most of all, he had a kind of strong humility; he wasnt God and he knew that too. Today I feel that he is finally with our Lord and I pray that knowing this brings peace to his beloved wife and family.