Anyone who researched Sen. McCAin's political career prior to his presidential campaign would have known he is fairly conservative politician whose strenghts were national defense and foriegn policy. He was a realiable conservative vote on domestic issues except for the occassional unpredictable vote here and there. It really was his campaign experience that made him re-examine SOME--not all-- of those positions on domestic issues. His change really made many conservatives nervous. He always had good relations with the press corps going back to his days as a sailor. The first time he met R.W. Apple, Jr., the prominient reporter from the NYTimes, was when Apple was a young war correspondent in Siagon. He got to know even more reporters as the Navy Liason Officer. So if you didn't examine the source of his relationship with the press that's your choice but it does have a source and it did not spring just from a ride on a bus. I have to wonder what many conservatives think of McCain now that Bush has HAD to adopt many of McCain's campaign themes because they are simply the right message for the nation at war. Issues like patriotism, serving your country, and national greatnes. Here's a two minute history lesson: on Monday, Sept 10, 2001, one of the primere conservative magazines, Human Events, published an article saying the government was spending too much on national defense. That Friday, Sept 7, 2001, an unelected conservative policy wonk, Grover Norquist, held a rally (that aired on CSPAN) on the same topic--that the US government spent too much on defense. That same day. Republican Rep. Nussle, during House Armed Services Committee budget hearings told Secy. Rumsfeld that he more than likely would NOT get the $38 billion increase in defense spending he asked for. Let's not forget that this $38 billion was a decrease from the original request of $75 billion. So the so-called pro-defense position of conservatives had been little more than an election year sham. Then reality slapped them in the face. After Sept 11th there was only one way to proceed. President Bush had to put aside his current policy intiative of being little more than the defacto national superintendent of schools (recall the photo opt gone a-stray on Sept 11th ?) They had to honestly accept increases in defense spending; embrace the call for national service (somebody gotta do the fightin' and dyin' in this war). McCain changed the face of American politics. He got nonvoters interested in voting. That scared the hell out of the true believers on the left and right because the last thing those folks want is MORE people voting. Has McCain's politics changed over the years. Yes, and what's wrong with that? How many people know what it's like to work for some ole goat so set in their ways that they haven't changed in the 20 some years you've known them. Let's face it, working with some clown like that is just awful. Why would we want politicians to be that narrow minded and shallow.