Putting Mr Keyes and Mr Clinton side by side is like a representation of good and evil. More practically, however, the clout of the two individuals is similar to David and Goliath. I am a white man who has neithr cultivated or avoided the companionship of black men. I have lived most of my lift as one in pursuit of a reasonable share of the American Pie, and have worked two jobs most of the time to get that share. Only when I was forced by disabilities to stop and look beyond myself and family, did the world around me come into focus. One of the greatest disapointments in my life did occur while I was stil active. We had a local radio talk show, that was hosted by a resident black citizen, that aired for a few hours every Saturday morn. Listening to that show, for more than a year, and the commentary of the local folk, most of whom understandably were black men and women, I was enormously impressed by the discussions taking place. We had young and elder callers who consistently spoke of helping each other, and themselves, by the kinds of cummunity activivism which other minority groups in our history have successfully employed to stand up for their rights and ability to participate in our culture. I was proud enough that I recommended the program to my friends. The time interval of my appreciation of the talk show, can be dated by the following incident. Mr Farrakan began to tout the million man march. Although he spoke of black brother and sisterhood, and proposed unity and efforts to help each other, he also proposed to fight for a $!0,000 (or was it $100,000?) reparation payment from the government to each black man, woman, and child, PLUS some outlandish notion that the U S need buy the Blacks their own country. He obviously knew who would lead the country. Mentioning, but not to dwell on Farrakan, is precursor to the following: Listening to the same talk show for probably five weeks after the proposal for the million man march, I heard caller after caller, and contributions by the host, that focused on the notion of reparation money to each black citizen. Suddenly, people who were of the mindset to help themselves, fell victim to this defeatist concept of being victimized, and worse, the reinforcement of the idea they could not do it themselves. This attitude of many Blacks is not inherent in their makeup. A black man can stand up and work side by side in equaity with any man. The failure to do so can directly be traced to most, and of course not all, of their leaders. Those leaders should be exposed for what they have been, power and wealth-hungry, self-centered, political demigods. For instance, there were no Black Leader who insisted that black children should be educated when our schools were integrated. The efforts were directed to the establishment of a political power, and the shameful way it was implemented has resulted in the dumbing down of at least one generation of American kids. There are far too many related issues to even touch on in a short commentary, but the conditions in America are the reason that I believe that a well-educated, eliterate, statesman like Alan Keyes, a man of color himself, is a valuable asset to our country. Would I have voted or him had he got past the primaries? The answer is 'NO . I would LIKE to feel free to vote for him, but the numbers do not justify it, because our two major party system has thus far made it imposible for a third party candidate to wim. Mr Keyes has my respect and encouragement nevertheless. The way I see his current primary role is to direct all of his efforts to reaching out to black citizens, to infuse in them an understanding of their individuality, individuals who can aad should think of and for themselves. BTW: This email is on top of commentary by other respondents. Visible below this box is the comment on 3/18 which states He is the only honest Republican in the bunch. Just let me add a reply. It is the corruption and dishonesty of the Democratic Party that is the factor causing me to admit I would not vote for the 'best man' in our recent elections. That man was, of course, Alan Keyes. 