JonAlexanderSmith, almost no democrats had Kerry as there hero. I know a lot of democrats and none of them would have voted Kerry if there was a decent republican candidate. Every democrat wanted Bush to lose, not Kerry to win. Also, I am not moving to Canada. Given that I am of drafting age, when (not if) Bush activates the draft, I am staying right here. I am not serving. I am not leaving. I am a patriot. It is the most patriotic thing for us to do. If Iran sends a bomber plain over Cincinnati or Dallas or Seattle, etc., then I'll serve, but I won't serve to fight terrorism so that the U.S. can get cheapen oil. I'll pay the extra prices. Also, I have not seen the terrorists start to take over the world. Where are they taking over the world? That has never been their intent. They may take over and control their own countries, but other than the first Gulf War, they have not tried actively to expand their control. I don't want to fight a war we have no buisness fighting while the economy is still in flux and people around the country are losing jobs. I guess you have a job and a solid foot. I know a lot of people who do not and I know a lot of people who have the president to blame for their shortcomings. And no, I don't include Latrell Sreewell as unemployed. He can keep his family caviar and buy them each a McDonalds franchise, at least for 3 more years... UPDATE (11/16/04): I just read last night his 2001 innauguration address. He did everything he said he would do in it, excluding his part on the economy. He addressed terrorism and what he would do to prevent it and he has done it that way. He at least warned us. If he fixes up what has happened in Iraq and the economy (more importantly Iraq) before he leaves office, history will come kind on him. It scares me to say it, but he may go down as an average or above average president, but that is assuming he fixes the mess in the next four years. I have to give him a two. The first time I posted on this thread, I said I eventually would. In all honesty, he is not terrible. UPDATE (11/28/04): The problem I have with this helpful rating system is that some people take this as do you agree?. Something can be helpful without you agreeing with it. I have had some one-line, stupid posts which are considered helpful even though they are in no way (but I'll take the rating point!) and yet people rate this as not helpful. So, tell me what was not helpful about this so that I can make it helpful. I think I drew a fair line in between for someone who DESPISES Bush. I hate Bush and his policies beyond all belief, yet I rate him a 2. Is that why I got 2 not helpful comments over Thanksgiving, or are people just so centered on their view that they vote something not helpful because they disagree. I've had some garbage posts I've made that have 3 helpful votes against 0 not helpful votes. I thought this post was more helpful than those posts. Which brings me to my point. Bush cannot understand the other side on a situation (you are either with us or against us). He is centered on his side and cannot see why someone else has an opinion (like the people who voted this not helpful). At least all of the previous presidents could at least comprehend the other side of an issue. Bush cannot. That is what makes him a bad president and that is why history hopefully will not come kind on him. UPDATE (01/25/05): How do you compare Bush to Bin Laden??? That may be the worst comparison of all time. I'm sorry. Yet again people are giving him a 1 just because they don't like him. I HATE Bush, yet I cannot give him a 1. When you look at everything, he has not been Terrible but rather just Bad. I disagree with what he does, but he has helped to turn around the economy and if he cleans up the War in Iraq, history will remember him kindly. That is unfortunate, but history might come kind on him.