here are some questions to every American on this site (probably everyone) 1. does it make you proud that your president blocked companies from selling AIDS drugs to 3rd world countries 'in the interests of the American people'? 2. do you admire bush because he is blackmailing and bribing 3rd world countries like Angola (can you go any lower?) so he can go to war with another 3rd world country? (he just went lower) 3. do you think he is 'moral' and 'just' because he is outraged if an American dies, but doesn't give a damn if a non-American dies? 4. do you know that Clinton negotiated with N. Korea and they were not developing nukes, but bush's aggressive imperialism has made them reactivate their nuclear programme. 5. do you think that it is good that an American president never ever visited a different country before becoming president? 6. did you know he is either stupid, ill-informed or a liar in all his speeches? example: he claims 'America gave Germany democracy', when in fact Germany was a democracy in 1849, while America still had legalised slavery. he claims France should be do whatever he says because america saved them in WWII, but america only went to war with germany because germany declared war on america, not the other way round. anyway, if that was the case, america should have to do whatever france says because france liberated america 200 years ago. 7. do you care that america causes most of global warming, and when other countries try to make an effort to bring global warming down (kyoto treaty, world summit) bush makes it useless by pulling america out. 8. do you care that bush has destroyed americas alliances, which will destroy america eventually, because america has such a huge trade deficit, when asian countries begin to use the yen or yuan instead of $ as their trading currency (as they will) and european countries use the euro instead of $ (as they will), the american economy will be destroyed.? 9. america can no longer hold free and fair elections, as we have all seen, do you care? 