Rake, reprobate, hypocrite and phony of the first order. Did more than his share to destabilize this country during his heyday, and set the country off course while flouting (flating?) his self-appointed status as National Saviour. His Contract Out On America was about the most useless and dishonest political crap I've ever gotten a whiff of (that is, before the extended flatus of the second Bush Administration squanked out), his political grandstanding of closing down the government to make an anti-tax statement was about the most irresponsible act in U.S. political history (W's invasion of Irag ranks a very close second), and his championing of the dissolute and wrongheaded conservative ethos that's currently destroying this country is, and has been, such a grave disservice to the citizenry that this rightwing bag of goosecrap should have a bone hammered up his butt for rabid dogs to drag him around the neighborhood. The ultimate hypocrisy was when he condemned Bubba Clinton for having an affair with a staffer young enough to be the President's daughter, but had no problem having an affair with a staffer young enough to be his daughter himself. Yeah, Calista would go to choir practice while Newty would sit in the pews and read the Bible before going off to the Motel Six to take advantage of the 4-hour rate. What a phony and moral bottomfeeder. Also interesting that he served divorce papers on his first wife while she was in the hospital recovering from cancer surgery, and then ducked out on child support payments for several years. His first wife and kids were living in the basement of the family's church, totally dependent on the charity of other parishoners. That's real Republican Family Values for you!!! And yet this guy tried to come off as the greatest thing since double-ply toilet paper, insisting his mutant vision and brain-dead ideas were the recipe of salvation for our fair but beleagured republic. What a sick joke!!! Sicker yet was that the drooler faction bought into this, and to this very day won't admit they backed the wrong horse: bring up the topic of former rightwing icon and darling N. Gringrich in the presence of most conservative turdbrains and the response is embarassed silence. No wonder. What is laughable is Lewdy Newty's presence these days on that ridiculous Fox Network as Political Analyst, a capacity in which he is supposed to offer objective insights on the current Presidential race, yet uses that opportunity to pollute the airwaves with totally overt rah-rah propaganda in service to W's re-election efforts. Yet, the retarded mindset of the drooler faction swallows this transparent, manipulative, dishonest dogdirt with gusto and opens up for more.