I am not judging Nixon on the basis of Watergate; which was simply a series of stupid mistakes, I am judging him on his accomplishments as president. Truth of the matter is that Johnson and Kennedy did way worse than Nixon. Watergate was simply a third-rate burglary perpetrated by a bunch of right wing wackos seeking to advance their own political fame within the Republican party. Nixon took advice from the wrong people and it lead to the ensuing coverup. What Nixon REALLY did was stand up for the wrong people. Nixon baically ignored the Republican party in the 1972 election, costing him possible support that would have been critical to him from 1973-74. He ran AWAY from his party, locking up 61 percent of the vote, but his victory did not have coattails. The Republicans actually lost seats in the House and the Senate. The party was actually bitter at Nixon for the shabby treatment; therefore, he did not get the support he needed to defend himself against the aligations that were thrown at him from Watergate. In politics, friends are something that you really need. Reagan had lots of support, and the aligations from Iran-Contra didn't stick. Clinton had a lot of support from his party, so the aligations from ALL of his scandals didn't stink. That is politics in a nutshell!! But Nixon really did do a lot of good things. He opened up China to trade and amicable relations to the US and the world. The Shanghai Communique was a breakthrough at the time; two of the largest countries in the world were opening up to each other after 25 years of no relations. At the time, it was thought that it could never be done. Nixon did it. Through his policy of detente, Nixon toned down the ideological fervor of communism within and outside of the Soviet Union. He set the stage for the downing of the Berlin Wall. Nixon also got us out of Vietnam in a dignified manner; had Nixon stayed on as President, South Vietnam would not have fallen because he would have given them the support they needed to fight the communist insurgents, which in 1973 were in their last breath of life. Most people gave Kissinger the credit for it, and he deserves some of it, but it was Nixon who had the leadership to get us out of there while giving the South Vietnamese a shot. All in all, he was probably THE GREATEST foreign policy president we have ever had. His strategy ultimately ended the Cold War. Nixon really was the one who stop the encroachments of the communists, Reagan merely pushed it over the edge. I'm not taking away from President Reagans accomplishments, I am merely saying that it was a group effort ; all the Presidents from Truman to Bush contributed to the demise of the Communist world system. I have some qualms about the way he conducted his domestic policy though. This economic policy was VERY shortsighted. Eliminating the Gold Standard freed up more American greenbacks, but at the end of the day, all currency must be backed by something, and that something is gold. That will come back to bite us one day. Nixon issued price controls during the early 1970's, another really foolhardy policy. It caused a temporary surge in the economy, but that kept the economy for the rest of the 1970's in a complete slump. Inflation became a major problem for the U.S. economy at least until the early 1980's because of Nixon's economic policies. As everyone knows, your domestic situation at home determines how much gravitas a country has in the foreign arena. My basic opinion of Nixon is that he had great vision, but he was prone to using political expediency as an ends. Nixon had many sides to his presidency, much like he had many sides to his personality. Reagan and Bush #43 were and are much better at sticking with a program to the end than Nixon was. This is more of a description of his domestic policy. Concerning foreign policy, Nixon was par none.