Someone mentioned Ralph's effect on litigation. It really isn't an issue as far as I am concerned. I am a small business owner, and quite honestly, if you run your business responsibly, treat your employees with respect and fairness, as well as customers and clients, there won't be litigation. Ralph Nader stands against all the things that are helping Big Business destroy my ability to survive. I believe a Nader administration (granted, he will not win) would be a serious trust-killing entity, which is exactly what the world of mega-mergers needs. Farmers cannot farm any cheaper than they do, yet they go under all the time, because companies like ADM are allowed to build monopolies in agribusiness. And it happens in every industry. Time Warner AOL is a perfect example. How does a smaller business even begin to compete with that? For that matter, how do you protect the public interest when someone owns that large a chunk of the mass media? These large mega-corporations exercise undue politica influence simply because they can buy politicians. If you want to know what the number one problem in American politics is, that is it. I, as a small business owner, must submit to business rules that make it difficult to compete, that are essentially drafted by the businesses that want to get rid of my competition altogether. If you get campaign finance reform, you get an end to a conflict of interest for lawmakers. When you all complain that Nader has no solutions, consider that he is the only candidate that is correctly identifying the problems. The others are creating solutions for problems that are marginal at best. The source of litigation arises from constantly changing regulations. You cannot keep on top of OSHA standards from one year to the next. The reason being that Big Business doesn't want to cut into its already very high profits all at once, so they negotiate for incremental change, or change on their terms. This hurts small business and helps big business. If any small business owners think Bush will help you, you're out of your mind. If he gives ALL people tax breaks (corporations are legal persons, and they also get those tax breaks), your small business is actually at an even greater dollar disadvantage to a large business that gets to play with billions of dollars than it was before. Gore lost his nerve a long time ago. He took so much critical attack for Earth in the Balance he went home with his tail between his legs. He'd be an ineffective leader at best. 