Although it angers Clinton's supporters history shows that Clinton fought tooth and nail against many of the achievements that he claimed as his own. For example he claimed credit for the Adoption Tax Credit, but it was the Republican Congress which passed that item into law, giving $5,000 tax credit to families who adopt children (more if the children have disabilities) and also put an end to racial discrimination in adoption. When he ran for a second term he claimed credit for passing a tax cut for small business that as president, he had opposed. It was the Congressional Republican leadership which proposed and passed it. As a candidate he spoke as if he championed major congressional reform but the Congressional Accountability Act was the very first piece of legislation passed by the 104th Congress. It forces Congress to live under the same laws that it imposes on the private sector. No such reforms were even proposed during his first 2 years when liberal Democrats controlled the Congress. Clinton claimed credit for passing tougher registration laws for lobbyists but it was the Republican majority that passed the Lobbying Reform and Gift Ban. Republicans also passed the Line-Item veto which the liberal Democrats who controlled Congress for 42 years refused to even seriously consider. As a cadidate, Clinton wrongly listed the Unfunded Mandate Reform Act as one of his accomplishments. It was in fact proposed and passed by Republicans. In 1992 he campaigned on a promise to end welfare as we know it but once elected, he pushed it aside to avoid angering his core liberal constituency. In 1996 he took credit for 2 Republican bills that delivered on the promise that he had refused to keep. These bills were the Personal Responsibility Act and the Welfare to Work Tax Credit, which gives business owners a tax credit for every person they hire off welfare. Clinton's misrepresentations goes on to include food and water safety legislation, tax cuts for families saving for long-term care, environmental legislation protecting the Florida Everglades and health care coverage for workers who change jobs, a bill virtually identical to the one Clinton had threatened to previously veto. President Clinton and his liberal friends spent the two years they controlled the White House and Congress arguing over how much to raise our taxes. They passed the largest tax bill in history after candidate Clinton had promised a tax cut. By taking credit for a large number of Republican led legislations, it is apparent that President Clinton was proud of the many outstanding accomplishments of the Republican 104th Congress.