Well, I know it's a bit early to judge this particular President, but I feel certain things need to be addressed. Though the corporate media has claimed otherwise, the results of the recounts at this point are not as conclusive as they'd have you all believe--they excluded an examination (even a cursory one at that!) of the overvotes, votes registering more than one for a particular office. But under Florida election law, the election officials are REQUIRED to VISUALLY examine votes that have been marked in the 'write-in' candidate section, even if the machine disregards it as an overvote. You see, in order for a person to be considered a 'write-in' candidate, he/she forfeits his/her option to be listed along with the other candidates on the ballot. So here comes a little problem--some folks, particularly uneducated ones, tend to see the write-in section of the ballot and consequently believe that they are supposed to write their candidate's name in that section. (e.g. a person might vote for Bush, but then also write his name in the 'write-in' section.) To eliminate this problem, Florida law stipulates that if the candidate whose name appears on the 'write-in' section is NOT a legitimate write-in candidate, that portion of the ballot is disregarded. If the voter checked a candidate's name on the official list for the same office, THAT vote counts! (The only way the ballot could legally be an 'overvote' is for the candidate whose name appears in the write-in section is a legitimate write-in candidate, and the voter nonetheless marked a candidate's name on the official list (it is legally impossible for a candidate to be both listed on the ballot and have 'write-in' status.)) Hence the law requiring that election officials visually examine the ballots that contain listings in the write-in section. But guess what?! The Florida election officials BROKE THE LAW by ignoring these ballots, contained in the state's 28,000 (!) overvotes! And if you don't believe me, go to the MSNBC news site--there they will tell you that the examination conducted by the local media did NOT include the overvotes. Additionally, their examination IGNORED the Florida Supreme Court's ruling to conduct a state-wide recount. But, of course, if the election officials had done their jobs, Gore would never had had to seek a single recount. But onward we go to Bush--the man is NOT bi-partisan. He, like most Republicans, uses Democratic rhetoric in his 'no child should be left behind'-type speeches, but he cut off funding to clinics that aid the poor in foreign countries, many of which did NOT use the US government's money to perform abortions. Additionally, Bush was thoroughly confused when he discussed the matter with Democratic Congresspersons. Bush wants to drill in the Arctic Refuge, a place that, by even the most liberal estimations, may not even have any oil in it. And if it does, it won't be enough to power us for 2% of the projected 25 years. What it will do is fill the pocketbooks of the rich oil companies. (Needless to say, ol' Bush and many of his cabinet officials have much to profit from oil investments--they were in the industry themselves.) Bush wants to spend $5 billion more on education, and $100 billion on a missile defense system that will NOT protect us. If a terrorist seeks to get a nuclear warhead into our country, the ridiculously expensive system won't be able to sense one coming by boat, by mail, or by plane... What his plan will do is fatten the wallets of the contractors who will build the system. Bush hopes to send children to parochial schools while he closes public schools, thus limiting federal regulation. Now I know the Republicans have brainwashed a great many folks into believing that regulations of the federal variety are bad, but friends, listen up--corporate America has a bloody history of damning their customers and workers in the name of Money. Remember the Ford Pinto (Ford decided to let its customers burn to save money!)? New Coke? The Savings Loans disaster? MacDonald's battle with the environment? Love Canal? The Cuyahoga River? Jack-in-the-Box's poisoning of children in Washington state? Dow Corning's silicon breast implants that they KNEW leaked long before they marketed them? Leaded gasoline? DuPont's generous share of CFCs that damage the ozone layer? (Contrary to Rush Limbaugh's claims, volcanic chlorine is not NEARLY as lethal to the ozone, since it is water soluble. CFCs are NOT water soluble.) The government is set up to defend us against such vested interests... But corporate America convinces us that federal regulations breed inefficiency and an unfair environment for competition. HA! The deregulation of the media was one of the worst mistakes the government ever made--in the name of more competition, Reagan's government set the stage for the media GIANTS we see today. And as for Bush's tax cuts--nothing more than Reagan's ol' supply-side theory in disguise. Listen folks--tax cuts will not help the economy (the chairman of the federal reserve does that--recession/recovery is a natural cycle in the economy. The chairman of the federal reserve prevents those recessions from becoming depressions using Keynesian policy.) The top wealthy elites who receive the most money will pocket it, NOT invest it. Mark my words, if Bush succeeds with his tax cut, most folks INDIVIDUAL incomes will fall, just as they did under Reagan. And as for his attacks on Iraq--Heaven have mercy--Clinton was a President who actually tried diplomacy as a means to peacefully difuse conflict. And he was successful. And here's another newsflash--old man Bush was arming ol' Saddam Hussein to the teeth up until the Gulf War. Why? We had a vested interest in Iraq's conflicts with Iran. Our CIA helped place Saddam in power--don't believe me? It's all out there on the internet. Look up Iran-Contra! Research our CIA exploits in the 1980s that led to the slaughter of inoffensive Guatemalans and El Salvodoreans all in the name of the Almighty Buck. This is what will happen again, friends. And if Bush reignites the Cold War, it will become much worse. Yes, we must pray for our leaders. We must pray for our country, for our democracy. We must pray for our very people--for we are in danger. It doesn't matter to which political party you yourself adhere--you MUST be concerned for our democracy. You must be concerned about the scorpion disguised as bread. If you give up now, the US Supreme Court, the religious fanatics, and the wealthy, wealthy elites will have won, and that, mind you, is NOT a legitimate win. If any of this makes sense to you, my fellow Americans, contact Bob Kunst www.oralmajority.com. You can reach me at neil@cooke.net for further information. Thank you for reading, Neil8 