I think that it was a mistake for the Democrats to pick someone so leftist for minority leader. Ms. Pelosi is going to become the next Newt Gingrich in the eyes of Republicans everywhere. I think it's great that the Democrats got a woman to be minority leader, but she is ideologically to the left of most people in this country. She is a San Francisco Democrat and it shows. Her views on trade policy, fiscal policy, defense policy and foreign policy are very leftist, though apparently she is not leftist enough to satisfy some of her constituents in San Francisco, who are so left wing that they are going to fall off into the Pacific! She is protectionist on trade policy, which hurts business here in this country and does not promote it in others; with tariffs, capital cannot flow as easily. One of Ms. Pelosi's favorite issues is restricting trade with China. She wants to link human rights with trade policy in China; in other words, put tariffs on countries with human rights violations. There are some problems with that 1. We can't tell other people how to live. 2. That is not the way to open up a country to democracy, the way to do it is encourage foreign trade; with this trade comes greater openness. 3. Human rights is a desirable end, but first the big picture has to be revealed; institutions must be reformed, then human rights issues can be resolved, not the other way around. 4. This opens us up to attack from other countries. Nations, many of which are our largest trading partners, consider the death penalty to be a human rights violation. Do we want them to link the death penalty to trade policy? I think not. This is just one illustration of Ms. Pelosi's liberalism. She is going to be minority leader, but yet I don't see how the Democrats are going to be able to sell her message to the country. I think it's the wrong one for the direction that the country is taking right now. The Democrats did have a message in the 2002 election; the only thing is that they didn't have one person articulating it like the Republicans did under Bush. They mostly support the President on the war on terror but on fiscal and domestic policy, they disagree with him. The issue is that there are no strong leaders within the Democratic Party to articulate that message. The Democrats turned left with Rep. Pelosi and it is going to hurt them. They have a message, they just need to articulate it; the message doesn't have to be changed. Remember George McGovern being swept by President Nixon in 1972? That may just be the fate of the Democratic Party in 2004 if they keep heading left.