I don't really have an idea of how Mr Putin should deal with Russia's internal problems. It is certainly a very difficult matter nowadays. I just hope these problems can be assessed quickly because the world needs Russia's weight in the geopolitical balance. There is however one point where I can say for sure that I fully agree with Putin, and fully support him: his opposition to USA's antimissile shield project . Basically, there are more than enough weapons on earth. USA has already everything it needs to insure its own safety. By the way, there are no Rogue State . There are only different countries with different interests, and one supremely arrogant country who entitles every single State disagreeing with its own views, with the adjective Rogue . Suppose such a Rogue state eventually develop a kind of atomic weapon. All state on earth knows that if they ever dare to drop a single bomb on US territory, they run the risk of simply being rubbed out from the world's map. Being Rogue doesn't mean being Stupid. Nobody would do that (except maybe major states like Russia) and America is basically SAFE against so called Rogue States. US's true goal behind that hypocrit rogue state argument is certainly different. Why don't they say frankly what they want? If US develops an antimissile shield, it means that to hit US ground once you need to send 10 missiles. Therefore the strategic equilibrium is broken, and countries like Russia and China are not safe anymore against a potential US attack. To protect themselves, they would have to build more and more weapons, and they already announced they would do so if US goes on unilaterally in their greed for weapons. The world DOESNT need this. The world rather needs LESS weapons. Our children and grand children will never thank us to build this kind of world for them. The best planet should have ZERO nuclear weapon. This project is going AGAINST humanity's interest, against history, against life. Apart from any political ideology, Mr Putin and Mr Zemin, thank you for opposing yourselves to this nonsense, and for this I rank you with four stars. 