A courageous, innovative and bold president that is right up there with Ronald Reagan and John F. Kennedy as far as recent presidents go. Ignoring the "peer pressure" of the United Nations and following the popular crowd indicated in some liberally-biased polls, he truly showed his strengths after his wonderful speech after villains attacked the innocents of the World Trade Center and Pentagon. Quickly, he sought out the villains and attacked them--while at the same time spreading the glories of democracy to those who had yet to experience. The weak-kneed and evil Taliban that once controlled Afghanistan were quickly defeated and millions were liberated. No longer could Afghanistan be a stronghold for the punks and goons of Al Qaeda. No longer were women shot in stadiums for the fun of it. Now, a glorious representative government has blossomed in that country! And, of course, the bold liberation of Iraq--with the support of great nations like the United Kingdom, Australia, Mongolia, Poland and more-- the second part of the aptly-named Operation Infinite Justice, will probably be one of the things he is most known for. The evil Saddam Hussein, as stated *multiple times* by Hilary and Bill Clinton, John Kerry, Howard Dean, Nancy Pelosi, and others, had a weapons of mass destruction program that had to be a threat to be dealt with. And, of course, Hussein was a villain in the vein of Hitler and Pol Pot, and so were his brothers. With the amusing lunatic-ish ravings of Baghdad Bob, the Baathist army was quickly defeated, citizens cheered on as they defaced paintings of Saddam, and the once-powerful Hussein was found in a spider hole, cowering in fear and desperation. Now, elections have taken place, over 20 provinces in the country are safe, secure, and free and the Al Qeada presence there has all but been eliminated. And, even more, the weapons were found--in the form of HUNDREDS of tons of Uranium, bottles of sarin gas, and numerous rockets and bombs. Bush's bold vision for the Space Program and the return to the moon and eventual steps towards Mars are exciting and just what NASA and the country needed! Thanks to security at home, no terrorists have been able to strike American soil since 9/11. The employment rate is greatly high, with over 95% of American citizens holding jobs! And, the economy is booming. Immigration is finally being cracked down on and more! And, I love his line, "You can be optimistic and realistic at the same time!" How very true that is and how awesome it is to have an optimistic president! And, one who can poke fun at himself too--I remember one time he was in a video looking around the White House saying, "Now, I know those weapons are around here somewhere!" LOL! And, he's around until 2008! Much more greatness could occur under this, one of the best US presidents of last 50 years. 