Bush won, now let's live with it. I think all those who dislike the president should ask why and then do enough open minded research to answer that question. Did he ruin the economy? No, when he took office we were already in a recession that had started in the last year of Clinton's administration. Plus 9/11 plunged the airline industry, and many others into chaos. Within months of the attack several large airline companies layed off thousands of workers. Once those got layed off that enormously affected many service industries, airports, auto manufacturers, etc. We won't fully know for several more years how many jobs were lost due to 9/11. That can not be blamed on the president. In the four years he has fought terrorism, removed a dictator from power, Clinton didn't remove a murders Milosevich is Serbia, and he has helped the economy rebound. 1.9 millions jobs in just under 11 months, that is outstanding. The president has pushed through bills that have granted over 65 billion to farmers aid, unemployment benefits for legal immigrants, and nearly 70 billion for disabled veterans. We rarely hear about this because the liberal media doesn't want you to know about it. I voted for the president in 2000 and again in 2008. He has raised benefits for my family, given me pay raises, and relieved many out of pocket living expenses that I used to incure. Being in the military I've seen a higher morale because quality of life is better. This president has done that and will do more. This president has taken steps to reform healthcare and social security. You may not like his plan, but at least he has one. Things may will not be easy to reform two huge social industries like social security and healthcare, but the president is leading the way in the right direction. If you ask me social security was a flawed idea to begin with. 70 years ago it was fine, but now you can't even live off it, and the president has a plan that will enable the younger generations to invest part of our usual social security pay. With us being able to control our future many will be able to retire younger and with more money. President Bush has made hard decisions in the last four years and he had a lot of work to do. His decisions may not be popular, but many are right. Someone once said, What is popular is not always right and what is right is not always popular. We need more presidents with his backbone. GOD bless.