With the Iraq debate being the hot topic of the day many of President Bush's accomplishments have been glossed over or ignored completely. Space does not permit a comprehensive list so I'll name a few that come to mind. He has banned partial birth abortion. By executive order (EO) reversed Clinton's policy of not requiring parental consent for abortions under the Medical Privacy Act. States are now required to conduct criminal background checks on prospective foster and adoptive parents. He supports the elimination of the death tax. Increased small business incentives to expand and hire new people. Killed Clinton's ergonomic rules that OSHA was about to implement; rules that would have shut down every home business in America. He has reduced the taxes on capitol gains. Exempted food from unilateral trade sanctions and embargoes. Created a fund to encourage technologies that help the disabled and increased funding for low interest programs to help people with disabilities purchase devices to assist them. Increased the annual contribution limit on Education IRA's from $500 to $2,000 per child. Signed the No Child Left Behind Act and the very liberal California Teachers union is currently running radio ads against the accountability provisions of this act. Increased funding for Troops to Teachers program, which recruits former military personnel to become teachers. Changed parts of the Forestry Management Act to allow necessary cleanup of the national forests in order to reduce the danger of fire. Killed Clinton's CO2 rules that were choking off all of the electricity surplus to California. Provided matching grants for state programs that help private landowners protect rare species. Started the USA Freedom Corps and now for the first time in history, Americans can enter geographic information about where they want to get involved, with interests ranging from education to the environment, and they can access volunteer opportunities offered by more than 50,000 organizations across the country and around the world. Revised the Department of Housing and Urban Development Section 8 rent subsidies to disabled people, permitting them to use up to a year's worth of vouchers to finance down payments on homes. HUD has started pilot programs in 11 states. Some of his initiatives, such as school vouchers have been blocked by the senate, while others are still in the process of debate. He has granted complete tax exemption for prepaid or college tuition savings plans and has made permanent the $5,000 adoption tax credit and provided $1 billion dollars over the next 5 years to increase the credit to $10,000. President Bush's opponents are anxious to keep the most controversial issues on the front page in the hopes that the American people will forget about his many positive accomplishments.