Please only the most invincibly uninformed could possible consider this White Trash Momma s boy a worthy occupant of the oval office. The US took an eight-year vacation from History while this insufferable boor squandered the most productive years of the largest, best educated demographic in American History: the Baby Boomers, with lousy 3 % GDP growth when it should have been double digits. He was a venal, lying, ridiculously unqualified Governor of Arkansas who will be an off-handed foot note as an incompetent and juvenile caretaker president. While he can claim that he resuscitated the pathetic and moribund Leftist after their cold war defeat by his extensive pathologically duplicitous character flaws, it is doubtful there is another person as vile or self obsessed to fill his shoes. I am probably mistaken in that case judging from the characters that still admire him. Rusting man seems to enjoys the use of the word Genocide, it would be in everyone best interest if he learned its meaning which is the systematic kill of a whole nation or people. None of his examples fit that definition. He also lacks credibility when he claims that Clinton and his administration did not foster the wide spread corporate corruption that came to light only after Clinton and his minion left office. The use of the corrupting influences of government regulatory agencies and the wholesale modifications to the tax code by the Clintons to benefit corporate patrons like WorldCom, Enron and Tyco is widely documented. Even after leaving office, Robert Rubin violated federal statutes by his attempted intervention on the part of Enron. The scandals of campaign finance and the Chinese influence with Clinton are yet another tawdry chapter in this most corrupt of presidencies. The only anti-trust attack by the Clinton/Reno Department of Justice against a corporation was the specious, ill-fated and economically disastrous Microsoft suit. This action was commenced immediately after Bill Gates and Microsoft failed to donate adequately to the Democratic National Committee and Clinton. Many economists date the start of the decline in the technology sector to the beginning of this legal action. The economic boom started by Ronald Reagan is so well documented that to argue otherwise is pure partisan nonsense and deliberate falsehood. The savings from the reduction of military spending required to counter the Soviet threat was enjoyed well after Mr. Reagan and G. H. Bush left office because of the governmental budgetary forecasting which rewarded the economy each budget cycle. As to Clinton being the Strong Governor of Arkansas and G.W. Bush being the weak Governor of Texas is akin to likening a 3rd grade bully with a World Champion Prize fighter they might have the same record of wins, knockout and losses but they re not going to be fighting one another anytime soon. Academics: Clinton didn t complete even 1/6 of his course of studies as a Rhode s Scholar. His undergraduate degree from Georgetown is Foreign Service and apparently was of little use to him aside from giving the impression of ability and knowledge. He graduated from Yale with a Law degree, which he never engaged in private practice with but became Attorney General of again Arkansas so one can only surmise what kind of lawyer he was. To judge what kind of individual he truly is, he and Hillary never own their own home and lived public housing until he left office when they acquired a home in Chappaqua, New York in a suspicious deal brokered by the very dubious Terry McAuliffe (also a WorldCom and Enron Alumnus). The boy Clinton has always given his supporters the impression of grand potential and great promise but he fails to even closely approximate that potential while people who are wary of such characters know him for what he really is: a morally corrupt Used Car Salesman. 