You know it really frosts me the way you people think and criticize the President of the United States. You know you may not like or agree with him but until he has finished in office it is our duty as AMERICANS to support him and his cabinet. And if we go into a war then we must all pull together and get off our high horses and do what ever it takes to make the Country Strong again. I didn?t see Mr. Clinton doing such a great job for our country, because of him signing the NAFTA treaty many Americans lost manufacturing jobs. He could have ended all the stuff with Iraq when he was in office. (He was to busy chasing skirts). He had the opportunity to get Bin but he didn?t. I didn?t dog Clinton when he was in office and I gritted my teeth and supported him. Most of us have had it all too easy. I hope the President does what ever he has to keep me and my family and neighbors safe and that we never have another 9/11. We need to bring our jobs back to our country and start helping the every so many people here in the USA that go to bed hungry that have been forced to live in the streets. That is what we need to focus on now. We need to bring GOD back into our lives instead of turning to him only when something as devastating as 9/11 happens. We all need to stand together and live up to what our fore fathers dreamed for this country. Stamp out hate and racism. We have all been created equally. It is time we grow up and stop taking life for granted.Would it kill any of us to start saying only kind things about people? And try to find the good in every situation. Instead of flipping the bird to someone because they cut you off in traffic how about slowing down and letting them in and when they get back over drive by them with a smile! Or see how many people you can get to say hi to you when you walk down a busy street. And when you see a man that is down and out buy him a hamburger and a coke. Instead of watching Joe Millionaire take the time to talk to your kids or go down to a homeless shelter and give that hour to someone who just wants to know that there are still people in this world that care! Take a cup of coffee out to the maintenance crews that are having to work in the cold to keep your power on so you can sleep in a warm bed and that your alarm will go off so you can get to work on time in the morning. Send a letter to the many men and women that fight to keep us safe, Police, fire and all the arm forces, telling them Thank you!LOVE THY NEIGHBOR (that means the one across town along with the ones all over the USA)