Before Jeffords' courageous switch, I was becoming concerned with the far right agenda of the current Republican leadership. I told my family that Mr. Bush would swerve decidedly to the right upon his being sworn into office, but I could not have predicted that he would push forward with the agenda of the farthest, farthest ULTRA right--that he would have moved so quickly to undermine so many valid rules and protections put forth by the Clinton administration. In less than six months, he has virtually cast aside all efforts at conservation of energy, he has repealed a December 14 order issued by the Clinton administration to bring the energy price gouging that is plaguing California under control, he has pushed a tax cut that even he admits favors mostly the rich, he has repealed arsenic standards for drinking water that were 25 (!) years in the making, he has repealed (with the help of Congress) OSHA rules designed to prevent repetitive strain injury (the product of ten years of research), he has trashed the Kyoto Protocol, cut funding to international medical clinics (because they offer abortion procedures with their own money), he has reversed a campaign pledge to regulate carbon dioxide emissions, he seeks unhindered to drill holes in the Alaskan tundra, he seeks unabated to build a missile defense system that will do a better job at causing war than preventing it, and he intends to pour federal funds directly into churches so they can help the poor and the drug abusers. So as you can imagine, I was becoming concerned. But a man named James Jeffords decided that it was not to be. By switching parties (and riling the Rove/Cheney/Lott/Bush propaganda machine), he has thrown control of the Senate to the Democrats. In his public statement regarding his switch, he warned that the Republican party was becoming far too extreme to appeal to the moderates, and methinks that this notion will hit home when the midterm elections come up. Indeed, if many moderates truly understood the farthest right's agenda, they'd never vote Republican. Jeffords is a good man--he listened to his conscience above party leadership (something that is very rare in the Republican party.) So here's to Jim! :-) Thanks for reading, and God bless! :-) 