If I were a GOPer, I'd be worried about this one. Unlike the draftdodging Pretender-In-Chief currently dozing in the Oval Office, Kerry had a bona-fide military career in Viet Nam, and not a well-behind-the-lines stint as a correspondent for The Stars and Stripes. He deftly leveraged this experience with his founding of Viet Nam Veterans Against the War, and the legacy of this will play well with political moderates, those who served, and, of course, the Lefty Element. Handjob's people, the GOP and the drooler faction may try to paint this guy as a liberal from Massachusetts, but such strategy will backfire on those idiots, as usual, when the public takes a look at this guy's record: Kerry's legislative agenda has been progressive, yet moderate, and contrary to what the droolers think, that's the perspective with which most Americans identify. The man exudes such gravitas and confidence, that he might strike one as either dull or arrogant: either/or would be a problem, but to American voters a mixture of the two is just fine. He even looks Presidential and dignified, unlike Handjob, who more than faintly resembles those Flying Monkeys in The Wizard of Oz. Furthermore, the man is lightyears smarter than Handjob and was an able prosecutor, which means he'll tear Daddy's Boy to pieces in debate. In addition, the guy's got tons of $$$ and knows where to get more, so Handjob and his people can do all the fundraising they want and they still won't gain a leg up on this guy. Finally, Kerry appears to be clean as a hound's tooth in terms of his past, so if the GOPers insist on probing around in his past looking for a pair of dirty underpants like they did with Bubba Clinton, they'll be wasting a considerable amount of time and effort. So let them do it, the clods. On the other side, Handjob was given a free pass by the slumbering and cowardly mainstream press during Campaign 2000, and plenty of very suspicious and unsavory aspects of his past were not investigated, thoroughly explained or even broached while that pinhead cakewalked to victory in the election he stole, fair and square, with help from mass voter fraud in the third world country known as Florida where his brother passes gas in the Governor's Office, and with additional assistance by that rightwing, undistinguished and corrupt Supreme Court. In Campaign 2004, it is very likely those unsavory issues will be revisited, and this time it is also very likely that Handjob will have to be a man about it and fess up. It's gonna be great to watch him twisting in the wind with terminal flopsweat as he attempts to explain away his bogus military record, his drunken driving arrest, his cocaine use, his very questionable business dealings as a Texas oilman, etc. Add to that his totally lame handling of the economy since the get-go, his budget-busting/deficit fueling tax policies, his ill-advised military misadventure in Iraq, his lip service initiatives in terms of Homeland Security (what a joke!) and his absolute dearth of action on any other important issue confronting the nation (Social Security, runaway medical/pharmaceutical costs, campaign finance reform, education, national infrastructure, the enviroment, gun control, the list of negligence goes on and on), and Handjob's gonna have his hands full for an incumbent candidate. If his weighted approval rating in the major public opinion polls stands at 56% in August 2003, with absolutely no cogent plan to turn the economy around forthcoming from the Oval Office and no exit strategy in place in regard to Iraq, Handjob better get his resume out to Major League Baseball as a fallback position in 2005 because he's gonna be out of a job.