Grant, the commanding General for the Union during the Civil War, a great war leader, was a political novice, and it showed. He appointed old loyal cronies to political posts, completely ignoring their competence. Grant's poor judgement showed as scandal after scandal rocked his administration due to the indiscretions of his cabinet members. Eventually he would difuse the issue somewhat by establishing the Civil Service Commission in 1871. (1)Crisis Leadership: 2 out of 5 Stars- Grant worked relentlessly during his first year in office to ensure the passage of the 15th Amendment granting all African Americans the right to vote. Military occupation of the South continued during his entire Administration, leading to the resentment of white southernors, who soon formed groups such as the Klu Klux Clan. The rise of these groups would lead to the continued robbing of rights from Southern blacks. Grant promised to use federal troops to protect freed slaves, but soon many Americans become disinterested in Reconstruction, and moreless unsympathetic towards freed slaves. (2)Diplomatic Relations: 3 out of 5 Stars- Grant was fortunate to have a wise Secretary of State. He did not pursue an active foreign policy, but his proposal to annex the Caribbean Island of Santa Domingo was rejected by Congress. Meanwhile, Grant actively pursued the British, who had been sympathetic to the south and provided them with warships during the Civil War. He demanded that the United States be repaid for damages that these ships had inflicted. Grant's success at this won new respect for the United States as an emerging world power. Grant also was pressured into remaining neutral in the Cuban Independence Conflict. (3)Economic Management: 2 out of 5 Stars- Grant had little knowledge of fiscal policy. Due to fraud by his Treasury Secretary, who wished to wait to sell gold until it could be sold at its highest price for his own personal gain, the economy was faltering. Grant, seeing the conspiracy, ordered the sale of gold or a very low price, hurting many investors. This caused the Republicans to lose the House in 1874. The New Congress cut taxes and repealed an unpopular income tax law, but Grant had little to do with it. (4)Vision For The Country/Accomplishments: 2 out of 5 Stars- Despite the many scandals which plagued him throughout his administration, Grant did accomplish a significant goal while in office. He worked relentlessly to ensure the passage of the 15th Amendment, guarenteeing the rights of blacks to vote. He also established the Civil Service Commission to fight government corruption. However, he was unable to establish a clear course for the nation due to the many scandals which plagued his administration. (5)Morality/Popularity: 2 out of 5 Stars- Throughout his term, Grant was not very popular due to his lack of leadership and failure to address the faltering economy. He did win some support for his boldness with resolving the British warship conflict. His morality was in shambles due to the many scandals which plagued his administration. [Final Score: 2.2- ** out of ***** Stars] In the final analysis, Grant's years in office finished what the Johnson years had started: the Presidency had been seriously weakened to an all time low. Powerful senators wielded the real power in this era. His administration tought future Presidents to appoint based on competence and not by nepatism. As genius of a man he was as General, he was very much a failure as President.