Posititve Attributes: Considering the circumstances upon which he assumed office, Gerald Ford gains my respect for at least attempting to pull the nation together. It was obvious that the nation liked him at first, as he had a 71% approval rating less than two months after assuming office. I too believe that pardoning Richard Nixon was the right thing to do, as it was in the best interests of the country. A former President going to prison for fraud would've been an embarrassment to the United States overseas, and I believe that Nixon was an effective President who gave something to the people, so as abichara1882 said, resigning as a disgraced President was punishment enough for Nixon. I respect Nixon for his handling of the Mayaguez situation in Cambodia. I believe that Gerald Ford was an honest and well-intentioned man who had the country's best interests in his mind, sometimes alienating his own party for his support of campaign finance reform (he even signed a campaign finance reform bill into law). He signed into law a bold, yet ineffective bill ensuring the right of Americans to individual privacy. his greatest accomplishment perhaps was the Mayaguez incident, and the signing of a Nuclear Test Ban Treaty with the Soviet Union banning underground nuclear testing. In another bold move, due to the increasing instability in the middle east, Ford called for the buildup of America's strategic oil reserves to protect the United States from a foreign embargo. Negative Attributes: The economy really hurt Ford's chances at re-election. However, many fail to realize that due to his tax cuts and reduction in government spending, inflation lessened nearly half in size and unemployment reached a 17 month low in 1976, but it was too late, as Ford's reputation as an economic ignoramous had already pushed many voters away. Final Analysis: Gerald Ford is unfortunately stuck in that list of mediocre Presidents, when he probably, in fact, was one of the best of the not so best Presidents of this century which included Carter, Coolidge, Taft, and all the rest. I believe that had he won the Election of 1976, he would have faired much better in the history books and been able to push his own vision through the Congress.