Note the distribution of ratings on Hillary Clinton. Either you love her or hate her, no middle ground on this topic. Why then does she engender such passion among people? I don't think it has much to do with her policy positions; it's all about power and the values that she represents. Hillary is a student of power; she enjoys cultivating it, preferably outside the limelight; although she need public approval too. Like Martha Stewart, Hillary has a major public perception problem. People don't like the fact that she is a particularly powerful and successful woman who happens to be a feminist. Yes, she's very tough, in fact almost Machiavellian. People are intimidated by that to an extent. Unlike most conservatives, I don't think she is the worst politician in America right now. Most of the scandals she was involved in during the Clinton administration were relatively small things. Just compare it to what we have been subjected to during the Bush years. Most of the stuff that came out about Hillary was based on nothing more than hearsay, like Vince Foster. Most of the time, the scandals simply involved how she used her power. I know a lot of people are promoting Hillary for President in 2008 and she probably does want to run too, but I don't think she would be a good President. Underneath that tough exterior is a person who is VERY idealistic, in fact militantly so. Given her proclivity for secretiveness, you have all the ingredients for a polarizing and ultimately unsuccessful Presidency. Her ideals were demonstrated in her advocacy for the Iraq War, which she supported on the grounds that we would be liberating and advancing democracy throughout the Middle East. Her ideas are almost Wilsonian in nature. Both Bill and Hillary Clinton have the same problem that idealists have when they reach the pinnacle of power: altruistic goals get pushed aside and what replaces it is a rigid and santimonious approach to the workaday world of politics. Today's political polarization is rooted in the Clinton years and that's going to be a part of his legacy. Hillary represents a lot of things to many Americans, she will never be able to be a figure that people will rally towards. On domestic policy, she's a mainstream liberal, but there's also an element of Wilsonian idealism in her policy positions in domestic but especially her foreign policy. That's why I could never support her for President.