Washington is the greatest President the Republic ever had for the reason that he chose not to be crowned king and that he gave up the Presidency after 2 terms. Very few national leaders up until that point had ever given up so much power voluntarily. The example always cited is that of the great Roman general Cincinnatus, who gave up power to retire to his farm. Like the great Roman general, Washington went back to him farm at Mount Vernon, Virginia. His example will live on through the ages. In many ways, all the Presidents have to live up to the standard that Washington set for the institution. A new national system of government is successful only if the first executive is a strong one who can bring all parties together; witness De Gaulle in France or Ataturk in Turkey. They are the personification of their nations like Washington is for ours. As President, Washington attempted to make the office above partisanship and he even picked out people from all political persuasions for his cabinet. Of course, he couldn't stay above the fray. The main struggle in the administration was between Alexander Hamilton, the Secretary of the Treasury and Thomas Jefferson, the Secretary of State. Washington actually approved more of Hamilton's stronger nationalism and support of the British as opposed to Jefferson's support of the French and limited government. Jefferson was the odd man out so he left the cabinet and established the Democratic Party. He ran for and won a second term, but it was far less successful than his first one. He was criticized for his aristocratic roots and his lack of devotion to democratic ideas. Washington's reaction to the Whiskey Rebellion was seen as extreme by many, but it was necessary as means to demonstrate that the government was going to enforce the laws it passed. He also had Indian troubles in the West. Washington ended his political career by issuing his Farewell Address. In it, he warned future American leaders not to establish permanent alliances with foreign powers. His advice I believe is still applicable today. Washington was by no means implying that we should pursue an isolationist foreign policy, rather, he was telling us not to establish special connections with other countries that ignore realpolitik. He believed that our foreign relations should be even handed and considerate of American interests. Washington was one of America's wisest leaders who lead the nation through the treacherous waters of the late-18th Century. I believe this nation wouldn't have survived had Washington not exerted his leadership at that critical time.