Mikhail Gorbachev was an honest leader who understood that the Soviet system was hollow and backward. The biggest failure of the Soviet system was its failure to invest in information technology in the 1960's. The government was afraid that this economic change from an industrial base to a services based technological society would open up the system. The fall of Russian communism was inevitable, the world economy was changing and the Soviet Union wasn't changing with it. Gorbachev became the leader of the USSR in a time when it was falling seriously behind the Americans in many regards. The Soviet model was doomed to failure because it relied excessively on a bloated, corrupt bureaucracy that squandered profits. People didn't have any incentive to work; the economy was in the doldrums. Perestroika and glastnost were necessary reforms. Gorbachev realized that the Soviet Union needed to catch up technologically if it expected to maintain parity with the US. They literally missed the boat in this respect. When you put it in this light, the fall of the USSR was inevitable. Gorbachev was just there when it started coming apart. It helped that he, to put it succintly, wasn't some close minded thug like Stalin or Brezhenev. He acknowledged that massive reform was needed to keep the Soviet Union affloat. However once Gorbachev revealed the truth about the sordid state of governance in Russia in the late 1980's, the inevitable happened, they began questioning the very legitimacy of the communist regime. Gorbachev was able to do little to stop the tide of reform. From Latvia to Uzbekistan, the Soviet Republics began asserting their independence. Russians began demanding greater representation. Soviet society was very hollow and unproductive. They simply couldn't compete with other world economies. Some credit must be given to President Reagan's defense buildup during the 1980's, particularly his advocacy of the missile defense shield, which was largely a bluff Reagan used to get Gorbachev to agree to a reduction in arms production. The Soviets could no keep up with US arms production; while we only spent approximately 8% of GDP in defense during the early 1980's, the Soviets were spending at times up to 40%. There was no way they could expect to bear this burden and expect that people's standards of living would continue to go up. Gorbachev had no choice, he had to sign an Arms Reduction Agreement with Reagan. The other choice would be to bankrupt his country. But making this choice significantly weakened Gorbachev in the eyes of the hardliners in the Politburo. His fall was imminent at this point. The Soviet Union was held together only by the threat of force. By 1990, it was impossible to hold back. Gorbachev's economic and social openness policies lead to the dissolution of the Soviet Union. It's intention was to shore it up but instead the deck of cards fell. The Soviets could no longer afford to hold together a massive empire by force. Gorbachev's biggest accomplishment was holding off and isolating the hardliners. When they attempted to overthrow Gorbachev in 1991, it was too late. Popular will would not permit such an action. He sowed the seeds for greater openness in Russia. 