Hands down the greatest president of the twentieth century. Confronted double digit inflation, interest rates and unemployment upon taking office. By the end of his term America had the longest peace time growth since WWII. 20 million new jobs were created. Individual income grew for every income bracket moving 25 million poor people into the middle class. Inflation fell to below 4%. Unemployment below 6%. Interest rates tumbled. 5 million new businesses were opened. People were no longer talking about a national malaise but the strength of being a PROUD AMERICAN again! He redirected the efforts of our foreign policy of containment to a active effort to crush the EVIL EMPIRE but was lampooned by those in the liberal intelligensia. The Soviet Union was strong and vibrant they said- until of course the bricks of the Berlin Wall came tumbling down on their heads. He put Pershing missles in Europe. Pushed the Soviets back through aggressive policies in Africa and Latin America as well. Gorbachev calls him the greatest negotiator he ever faced. And most of all he made us feel proud to be Americans again. No gas lines. No stagflation. Proud strong Americans living in our shining city on the hill! Libs argue about a dept that was at worst 6% of GNP and ended up being trillions of dollars less than expected as tax revenues doubled during his administration and the CPI was correctly readjusted by the OBM but never truly harmed our economy which has kept growing and growing. Ronald Reagan once said history will look kindly on his time in the White House and he couldn't have been more right. And no matter how much the liberally biased media hated him or dismisses his success the American public knows how great he was. Ronald Reagan's approval rating is close to 70% and he is consistently rated in the top 5 of all presidents. He will be greatly missed. *****UPDATE Skizero, debating someone who denies the success of the Reagan administration is like arguing someone who denies the Holocaust. Communism was no real threat except for the hundreds of millions trapped in its grasp- how about the millions starved, slaughtered and killed at the hands of the communist threat? All imaginary too I bet. And Auschwitz was actually a Club Med. As for your assertion that middle class blue collar jobs were lost during the Reagan administration when simultaneously the unemployment rate miraculously fell by about 50%. The only statistic one could possibly find to support such data is that on a whole the job market industrial jobs shrank as a percentage due to increased technology and overall employment in other sectors. However the overall totals don't lie. 5 million new businesses were opened that employed 20 million new employees during the time Reagan was in office. As for the deficit, if the harmful effects were so great why have long term bond yields stayed low? And as a total percentage of GNP if it was so burdensome why did the 90's produce an economic burst the brought the unemployment rate down to 4.5% at one point and increased the value of stocks to their highest value ever without inflation? Your assertions just don't pan out now matter how many times you repeat them. You actually look hopelessly ignorant just like those who deny the Holocaust. But hell you have an agenda to stick to- screw objectivity!**** Well there we have it history should be written through the eyes of Skizero's emotional state- facts be damned! That's like me saying because I was unemployed at a point during 1999 that the economy was horrible. Yeah, my PERSONAL economy was horrible but that surely wasn't Clinton's fault. And no matter how much you wish a statist system of redistribution would world for the kindness of man it simply doesn't. The fanciful thing to do is take a hearty look as to was best serves the common good for all citizens- and what best serves the masses throughout history has objectively been the free market.