The paid for president of the wealthy and those blindly loyal (which is the case with all republicans regardless of the issue) to the bigoted right wing of the republican party. Poor ignorant white folk who live in trailer parks (the decentralized projects of the U.S.A.) helped to elect this fool who proceeded to put them out of work and place the tax burden of this country on their fair skinned backs and as far away from his own tax bracket as possible. Everyone who commends the presidency of this closet Klan member should take a long look in the mirror (without their hoods). By far the most insensitive individual ever to hold the office of the presidency. From George Washington to Jimmy Carter a collective deficit was created. Ronald Wilson Reagan managed to DOUBLE that deficit that it took all those years to create, ALL BY HIMSELF in just his FIRST term!! That's right...in just 4 small years that lying, hypocritical bigot doubled it. His second term was even more hideous. 8 long years of lies. Well...I don't remember was the well coined phrase used very often by this grand dragon as he grinned and waved. During Reagan's second term the country really suffered. Unemployment skyrocketed (as he grinned and waved), the economy fell apart and crime in this country soared like never before from coast to coast. Drug use of all kind by those who were depressed and destitute as hope sunk to lows analagous to the days of the depression. He also traded arms for hostages and then lied about it (while grinning and waving...his finest performance, no doubt...which ain't saying much). Homelessness, gangbanging, crackhead, Farm Aid,recession, home mortgage interest rates of 12% or more, skyrocketing unemployment, rich get richer and poor get poorer etc., etc. All these terms can be associated with the most ridiculous choice for president in the history of this country...Ronald Wilson Reagan...whose true value can be associated with a pot of cold piss. Thanks Ronnie...we miss you like a chest cold.