Roger: You may be aware that none of the European countries wanted to get involved in a war they saw as senseless, not even Britain. Blair held talks with Bush in September (fully six months before the pair of them gave notice of the invasion) in an attempt to talk him into going through the UN because he knew Bush would invade anyway and wanted it to appear an international decision. Certainly your concerns are valid ones, though Kerry would have placed emphasis on those over why 9/11 had happened and addressed the causes. There are many parts to this world crisis and it is not to play cowboys and Indians. I suspect the reason he didn't get elected by the rednecks is because he isn't a country bumpkin. If Bush continues (and I hope not) to pro-actively or aggressively pre-empt action overseas, for example Iran or Syria, ignoring genuinely considered and well-intentioned advice, he will continue to ellicit an international backlash, not because we want to ignore the Islamic threat, but wish to prevent if possible an uprising war of the faiths! This certainly would not have happened with Kerry and America would be relatively safer since everyone would be working together, the Europeans were already preparing to do that with Kerry if he was chosen. They'll do the same with Bush, of course, but he has to work multilaterally in the same way Kerry would have done with them, not alone. All this at a time when we western democracies need to be aware of the huge Muslim influx, which is ever more of a problem to Europe and is even more likely to be attacked. Update: I said that Kerry wasn't a country bumpkin (but if you see Bush that way, that's fine by me) Many innocent people of many nationalities were lost in 9/11 but the way to solve this is NOT pre-emptive war in a country that had nothing to do with this. I have lost count of the number of times Republicans need to be reminded of this. You must know that the British public do not like or trust Tony Blair on this issue...that has got nothing to do with being aware the problem of terrorism and Islam exists. There is no value in an aggressive response of invasion...this produces nothing at all but more hatred, anger and bitterness and the increase of terrorist activity. Why is it so difficult for you to see that? Certainly, the international effort to route out terrorists would be the right course and Bush actually galvanised people when he spoke about his war against the terrorists - and alienated them when he spoke about invading Iraq. There are times when an aggressive response is justifiable, but this action had nothing to do with avenging the deaths of the innocent, and everything to do with deposing Saddam and securing oil.