Her paternal grandfather was Henry VII, founder of the Tudor Royal Dynasty, final victor of the Wars of the Roses, known for ruthlessness and cold calculation but also as one of the most capable financial administrators to rule England for centuries. Unpopular yet effective. Her father was Henry VIII, the epitome of the Renaissance Monarch, confident in his ability to rule yet suspicious of the people surrounding him, well educated and civilised yet temperamental and capable of great brutality, priding on his piety and yet cynical enough to change religious policies based on the circumstances of the moment. Determined to face the Monarchs of France, Spain and the Holy Roman Empire as an equal and at the same time conserned with the matter of his own succession to the point of obsession. Her siblings were Edward VI and Mary I. Both considered gifted orators, both pious and genuly determined to lead their subjects to the path of the True Faith. Supporting different versions of Christianity yet almost identical in their fanatic pursuit of the goal. Both dying too soon to leave behind lasting legacies in addition to the memories of hundreds of executions (Catholics in the case of Edward and Protestants in the case of Mary). Tragic figures in their own right who tend to be underestimated. In retrospect Elizabeth shares most of the qualities found in her dynasty but she prooved to be the most effective ruler among them. She was easily the equal of her grandfather both in ruthlessness, constantly and harshly crushing conspiracies and revolts both in England and in Ireland, and in cold calculation as often revealed in examination of her devious diplomatic policies. She is also considered to resemble him most in administrative abilitie while easily being among the most popular monarchs Englad ever had. She shared much of her father's condidence in her abilities and yet kept a suspicious eye even on her favorites. She gained her own reputation as one of the best educated women in Europe, fluent in English, Latin, French, Spanish, Italian and Flemmish while her equaly well-reputed wrath could easily lead formerly dear favorites such as Robert Devereux, 2nd earl of Essex from their seats by her side to the sites of their public execution. She prided in her position as the leading Protestant ruler of Europe yet her policies on matters of religion were clearly defined by political concerns instead of religious fanaticism. She ruled a nation of roughly 4 million people yet she was easily among the greatest adversaries the monarchs of France and Spain were facing, being among the closest allies to both the Huguenots and the Dutch rebels. And the matter of her succession would greately concern the monarchs and politicians of Europe for forty-five years, as long an unwed and childless queen held the thrones of England and Ireland. Queen Bess' was much more Bloody than her siblings, having reigned longer than both of them combined and having executed more heretics than either of them. Yet her atrocities are far overshadowed by her accomplishments. She lived to becomre seventy and left behind a long-lived legacy in England's naval fleet. Her successor James I was the first of many English monarchs to be combared to her and come short in the eyes of his subjects. As the old saying goes Rex fuit Elizabeth: nunc est regina Jacobus (Elizabeth was King: now James is Queen, jest phrase from King James' time). 