Edawards is a great choice for vice-president; he brings to the table charisma and support for sound policies. He has a superb record in the Senate and has shown a great proficiency for public policy. ---------Mr. Political: You question Edwards' motives for accepting the high level position of vice president (for all who don't know the VP's only job is to cast the tie breaking vote in the Senate) with absolutely unfounded, silly reasoning. After-all your poster boy for intolerance and ignorance in public office, George W. Bush, entered with neither experience in foreign affairs or domestic policy. Which explains fairly well why his record on both for the last four years has been absolutely awful. Even in the four years that he has had as president, the man hasn't shown any greater understanding of how the world works.--------------------------------------DOUBLE UPDATE: John Edwards hasn't been showing up to vote because he's been on the campaign trail, most politicians lack the capability of beig two places at once....I think it might even be some sort of universal law, so to all those who point this out- kudos! All congressman who run for the pesidency have this conflict that cannot be resolved, so pointing it out as a specific critique of John Edwards makes no sense, to point it out as a deficiency of the sytem would be reasonable, but to look to it as a deficiency in Edwards is inane. Furthermore, Mr. Political, I appreciate your insinuation that I'm a hypocrite for criticizing Bush's inexperience, while at the same time saying that Edwards' doesn't matter, but you are mistaken. George Bush was immensly less experienced then Edwards when he became President, so all ready they are not on par, but Edwards is not running for President, John Kerry is, Edwards is running for Vice President with more experience then Bush had when he became President. That's not hypocrisy, but I do believe the reverse is hypocrisy; crticizing John Edwards for inexperience if you supported Bush is hypocritical for obvious reasons.