This guy was highly touted as the most qualified man ever to run for President. At that time, and to the present moment, I couldn't figure out what was in his past that made him so qualified, and seeing that he was one of the lamest fossils ever to sit in the Oval Office, one has to wonder why those supposed great qualfications didn't serve him any better. To begin with, they tried to make him out as a war hero, but as a pilot he bailed out on his crew during that crash landing he made in WWII that they made so much about. He was the only one in the plane to get out safely, which is kinda suspicious: I always thought the captain went down with the ship, but in Douche I's case, only the crew, the men whose well-being he was entrusted with, bit the bullet. A most auspicious early display of leadership by the future Chief Executive of the land. Secondly, he was a Congressman from the third world country that calls itself Texas, and as such, pulled strings to keep his son out of perilous military duty during the Viet Nam era. That same son was AWOL during his last year with the draftdodging Texas Air Corps and went on to be the most brain-dead President since Ronald Reagan. Third, he was top spook at the CIA, which is enough for anyone not to trust him. Fourth, he was the Chairman of Republican National Committee while a third-rate burglary and fourth-rate coverup called Watergate was perpetrated. Fifth, he was a notably dim Vice President in one of the most corrupt and misguided Presidential administrations ever. So far, this isn't such a great track record. Add to this less-than-stellar profile the fact that his father, Prescott Bush, a figure reverred in conservative circles, was an investment banker whose company, Union Capital, was seized by the federal government in the days prior to WWII because it was doing so much business with Adolf Hitler and the rest of the fun bunch that provided us with the Holocaust. As President, he presided over one of the most persistant recessions in our country's history, lied to the American people big time with his Read My Lips: No New Taxes nonsense, and failed to put Saddam Hussein out of business despite the fact the fourth-rate despot was on the ropes during the Gulf War. One of my fondest moments of this pinhead's tenure was when he vomited in the lap of the Japanese Prime Minister. Yeah, this guy was a real live one, all right...