Rating Bill Clinton will always be a highly contested matter, as first not much time has elapsed since he left office and second the flames of partisan politics are very high at the present time. One must remember that Clinton is much like his idol JFK in that both are often loved and forgiven because they were the first presidents of their respective generations. Second, to be deemed either great or a failure, one must have some crisis to which to respond. Clinton simply had no such crisis. After hacking my way through the other comments, there are some issues that need to be addressed in detail. 1) Because the rich get richer doesn't mean that all boats are not rising. Wealth differential is largely a non-economic issue that usually has little to do with the health of the nation's economy. 2) Clinton was a popularist president meaning that he and his supporters have little claim to being a leader. There is nothing wrong with being a popularist, but leadership requires making people do what they need to do despite their unwillingness to act, and this was not Clinton's forte given his obsession with popular polls. 3) Clinton did not reduce the national debt as many think. One must understand how government accounting works to understand this, but suffice it to say that actual debt (accrued and unaccrued) increased during the Clinton Administration. This was Clinton's primary failure and really his most important task during a time of extended economic boom and higher general tax revenues. 4) While Clinton's lie was certainly about sex, the lie occurred during a deposition under oath and under penalty of perjury. 5) The only credit Clinton gets for the 1990's economy was for leaving well enough alone. The rule of thumb is that it takes four years (on average) for government action to materially affect the economy if it has any effect at all. Clinton's best course was to do little or nothing, and that is what he basically did; however, one should note how difficult it is to not use power when it is delegated for a fixed period of time. 6) Though Clinton's diplomacy with North Korea was a failure in hindsight, it is not reasonable to conclude that it was wrong in foresight. In fact, for the most part it was a worthy experiment, but we should acknowledge that this failure did ultimately exacerbate the current situation. 7) Similarly, Clinton's shift in emphasis away from human intelligence sources to non-human sources should be analyzed from a foresight (not hindsight) perspective as well. 8) Welfare reform was a Republican led matter that was swept through by the mandate granted by those applicable elections; therefore, Clinton should be given no credit or blame for these changes. 9) Clinton did make some foolish demands early on, mistakenly believing he had a mandate across the board (eg healthcare reform and gays in the military). This is especially surprising since he ran almost exclusively on the economy. 10) Clinton has shown poor judgment in commenting on the current administration, breaking some wise and longstanding unwritten gentlemen's rules on the behavior of ex-presidents. 11) Corporations do not in reality pay taxes, so shifting the tax burden to unnatural persons is not really a tax shift to corporations, partnerships, etc. 12) Clinton shot himself in the foot by making judicial recess appointments of candidates that had been rejected or effectively rejected by the Senate. These recess appointments set a bad precedent and basically poisoned the well for Clinton's subsequent nominations. 13) Clinton had a poor retaliatory response against Iraq for its assassination attempt on Bush Sr. I imagine if the Secretary of State had been the target, his response would have been greater, yet I personally place an attack on an ex-president on par with the Secretary (at least). The bottom line is that notwithstanding how much partisans on the Left wish to make Clinton their recent hero, he had no real crisis to which to respond so his maximum objective rating is no more than three stars. Moreover, as his first priority should have been real debt reduction (accrued and unaccrued) and this was not done, he loses yet another star. One must always remember that a simple who was in office when X happened is more often than not inaccurate and not really an analysis.