Nixon's downfall was his ego and private underground that was a world unto itself. However, it is my opinion that the blame for this must lie squarely on the shoulders of the rabid mainstream media. The media had been after Nixon since 1948 when he was associated with Senator Joseph McCarthy. There was however, one huge difference between Nixon and McCarthy - Nixon actually found Communist infiltration in government and several people were brought to justice. Nixon disassociated himself with Senator McCarthy before the blacklisting and Communist guilt by association accusations. The press thought they had Nixon's back to the wall in 1952 but he brought his case to the American people in the famous checkers speech and the public rallyed around him. It has been proven beyond any doubt that he actually won the 1960 presidential election because Kennedy's father, Joseph P Kennedy, purchased dead votes through his mob connections in Chicago. Unlike what we have seen in the past, Nixon was an honorable man and accepted the verdict, choosing not to divide the country and instead called for his supporters to assist the new young president. Nixon, while he was president, made mistakes in office, mostly in domestic policy. His 1971 wage and price controls which was an attempt to get a handle on rising inflation was a failure of grand proportions. On the other hand, he gave us the EPA, which today can be argued that it is a power abusive dinosaur, but it was the first government watchdog group dedicated to improving the enviornment. Unlike Carter who would give away the store, Nixon started talks with long time foe Communist China with a program called ping pong diplomacy which was sending American champion ping pong players to China which opened the door of comminication between the two countries. He also started what was called shuttle diplomacy which was when Henry Kissinger shuttled back and forth between Egypt and Israel to work out a way to eventually bring them to the peace table. The 1978 peace treaty between Egypt and Israel has falsely been credited to president Carter. It's roots go back to Nixon and shuttle diplomacy but in 1978 Nixon was still a dirty word and the press would not give credit to a man they loathed. Most importantly, even though he was never able to win the war in Viet Nam it was under his watch that the war ended and our POWs were allowed to come home. The Watergate affair was a case of Nixon being loyal to the people who were loyal to him. He had no knowledge of the initial break in but when he discovered that his underlings were responsible he put his presidency on the line to protect them. (Let's face it.... if you screw up at work, do YOU go tell your boss right away? No? Neither did they until things got out of hand. They tried to hide their mistake as any of us would do) As in 1960, he saved the country from further division and embarrassment by resigning in August, 1974. The press was gloating that they had finally, after all this time, got Nixon out of their hair. The Democrats then re wrote many rules and regulation with Nixon in mind, but those same rules and regulations came back to haunt them when Republicans attempted to hold Bill Clinton to those rules. I was pleased when towards the end of his life Nixon came back as a grand old man, a statesman, and was a respected guest on many television interview programs and he was finally able to tell the facts as they were without fear of reprisal. A flawed man? Yes. He constantly had to watch his back as people looking to make a name for themselves would betray him to the press for a mention in a well known column. He was a potentially great man, superb in foreign policy, and respected in every country except his own. Nixon came from a time when deals were made in smoke filled rooms and favors were exchanged. Had he lived in another time he could have been one of our greatest presidents.