It was nice having a Presidential candidate who told the truth for a change. I can understand people who voted for Gore as the lesser of two evils, but the fact is that this reasoning, repeated over and over again, has led to Democratic policies which keep shifting further to the right. Gore and Clinton were better on the environment than Bush is likely to be, but not by nearly as much as people seem to think. It was the Clinton administration which just wrecked the Kyoto talks on greenhouse gases. On foreign policy, Clinton/Gore has often been a disaster from a human rights perspective. They linked us with a series of corrupt Russian oligarchs, thereby helping to convince the Russian people that the alternative to communism is a system which has led to greatly increased poverty and death rates. In Colombia, Clinton waived the human rights requirement for military aid to that death squad regime, which is the sort of thing that liberal Democrats scream about when Republicans do it. In Iraq, Clinton/Gore/Albright have cheerfully defended a sanctions policy which killed hundreds of thousands of children. The fact is that on human rights issues, centrist Democrats tend to be as bad as Republicans. As for the liberals, currently they blame Nader for the Democratic loss, but where have all these loudmouths been when the Clinton/Gore team was acting much like a Bush Administration? Coming back to the domestic front, the Democrats just demonstrated their commitment to the elimination of soft money by appointed McAuliffe (sp?)to be the new party chair. McAuliffe arranged all that semi-corrupt fundraising which the Clinton Administration took to new heights. So to all you Nader-bashing Democrats--grow up. You won't need to worry about Nader taking votes away from any Democratic candidate who actually deserves them. Incidentally, on the subject of taking away votes, where has Gore been on the subject of disenfranchised black voters in Florida? He doesn't care--if he showed too much interest in that issue he'd lose more white votes than he would be able to pick up by acting on a matter of principle. This tirade of mine has been mostly on Gore and the failings of the Democrats rather than on Nader's virtues. The reason is that to me, Nader is simply what a politician ought to be--honest and forthright and not worried about offending corporate power. I gave him a five star rating simply because he is so vastly superior to morally corrupt liars like Bush and Gore. 