Franklin Roosevelt is clearly an overrated president, but he also does not get credit for some things that often go unnoticed in today's revisionist history. First, FDR often gets credited for ending the depression when World War II actually accomplished this. Even one of RIA's most qualified presidential critics (at least from my readings of his comments) holds the opinion that FDR did not solve the depression or exacerbate it; however, this was Roosevelt's presidential challenge (as he should have never been in office during WWII as he was in his third and fourth terms). Perhaps, FDR could not do anything to end the depression or accelerate its end, but one does not get credit either way under those circumstances. FDR also ran for unprecedented third and fourth terms for no compelling reason (ie no one man is irreplaceable) as the war did not start until after FDR decided to run for a third term and the U.S. didn't enter the war until during his third term. This action would have set a dangerous precedent that would have worked against the timely and peaceful transfer of power that American democracy depends had not the Constitution been amended to remedy this danger. Furthermore, as others have noted, FDR's attempt to pack the Supreme Court (by increasing the number of justices from 9 to 13 if memory serves) evidences his tendency to be Machiavellian to a tragic fault. The most costly failure was that FDR failed to keep Truman involved in the war and post-war decision-making process resulting in costly mistakes and a longer and exacerbated Cold War. On the plus side, Roosevelt was finally successful in dragging the United States into WWII, even if it meant intentionally dangling a vulnerable Pearl Harbor in front of the Japanese, and he wisely listened to his military advisors (most notably Gen. Marshall) in concentrating on the European theater first (though Adm. King strongly advocated a Japan first strategy); however, as it took a Japanese attack to push the U.S. over the edge (something that a wiser Japan would not have done and need not have done to achieve its shorter term necessities), Roosevelt failed in this regard as well from an efficient planning perspective. As for the monumental growth of the social structure during the Franklin Roosevelt Administration, the book is still out on that for me. While the end result has been undeniably disastrous to some degree, some good has been gained, and I am not convinced that the subsequent perversions and abuses can be attributed to FDR in good faith.