IMHO, GWB is the greatest US president in modern history. Let me provide a brief outline explaining my position. What 'exactly' is a US president's role? Just so we are clear, the president's power is quite limited, he or she cannot take the county to war, raise your taxes, lower your taxes, and so on ... The presidents role is to be a 'leader'... To speak for the American people, or be our 'voice'. The president uses his/her prestige and his/her mandate provided by the american people (through election) to influence or encourage legislatures in a particular direction. But let there be no mistake, in the end, the true power is with congress. This brings me to my second point, GWB is a voice like no other, solid and steady. He has a well thought out position on all the issues, many of which i will add, i personally do not agree with. But from Bush you can count on that position to be unchanging, no matter the outrage, the polls, and the pundits. I will prove my point here by discussing Iraq, but first let me go back and look at 9/11 ... Imagine instead of hijacking planes, the terrorist carried a suitcase sized nuclear weapon into times square, but wait, there were 19 of them, so let say they managed to only get 5 suitcase sized nuclear weapons into the US, taken them to NY, LA, Chicago, Washington, and any other city of your choice... imagine that for a moment. for those of you who think that is impossible or 'unlikely' i encourage you to reconsider. Have you ever bought a sack of weed? or anything 'illegal' for that matter? but ohh .. a nuclear or biological weapon is somehow harder to get into the country ... RIGHT .... it is all to easy to look the other way and pretend nothing bad will happen, but after 9/11 .. we dont have that luxury. cause we are indeed fortunate that the terrorist either couldnt get their hands on some WMD .. or they decided not to use it, and instead opted to kill 3000 people instead of 30 million. now back to iraq. EVERYONE knows iraq had WMD, and we all know sadaam would be all to eager to hand those weapons over to someone who could deliver them, if you dont accept that you are kidding yourself. when the president asked congress for permission to go to war, NOT 1 PERSON disagreed with the need to do this. not only to take out sadaam, but to send a message to the world, that we are aware of the problem and we are going to do everything in our power to prevent it from happening. the ONLY way to truly defeat terrorism is to make people not want to be terrorists. give them something to lose, honestly, consider if your were living in the conditions these people are living. they cannot provide for their children, they know the can never better themselves, they know their children are doomed to their own fate, I know if i was in that situation, it would not take much to convince me to kill myself for a so called 'noble' cause. this is a long hard journey we have to take, and Bush has the courage to not tell us what we want to hear, but to be honest with us, be OUR VOICE, whether some of you know it or not. anyway .. i could go on for a while but i need some sleep ... i will throw out the following as well to all the haters ... do a little research ... 1. unemployment is now 1 tenth of a percent lower than it was when clinton ran in 1996 (he ran on his incredibly low unemplyment rates) 2. the economy has experienced the fastest growing quarter in over 20 years. 3. The latest poll in Iraq, from the soldiers (the ones who are dying) well they are firmly behind bush by nearly 40 points. 4. in iraq, the us supplies 90% of the troops and 90% of the money, so why should the US allow the United Nations or any other country for that matter control our strategy and our money? that would be irresponsible, and it would not serve the american people very well, again OUR VOICE!!. Bush has the courage to do the right thing ... and perhaps more importantly .. he has KEPT HIS WORD to the american people, the promise he made after 9/11, that I would argue EVERYONE agreed with, while our anger and our fear was still fresh in our minds.. he promised to find these people and do everything in his power to rid the world of terrorism. Even though many of us have abandoned him, and curse his name, he is FIRM, DEDICATED, and man who has my total respect and admiration. 