Millard Fillmore ascended to the Presidency at a time in which the North and the South were more divided than ever before. Fillmore helped come up with and fully endorsed the Compromise of 1850, which he hoped would please both the North and the South. This Compromise granted territorial status to New Mexico and Utah and left slavery up to the territories themselves. The compromise also included the admittance of California as a free state, and the controversial Fugitive Slave Law. This Compromise, however, did nothing to please either side. The North was enraged over the Fugitive Slave Law and the South disliked the admittance of California as a free state. In order to wave of secession threats from the South, he ruthlessly enforced the Fugitive Slave Law. This cost him most all of his support in the North. Fillmore did his best, however, and he can, in some ways, be credited for putting off the Civil War for ten years. On the other hand, however, his actions did nothing to PREVENT the war itself. In foriegn affairs, Fillmore had a little more success. For three centuries, Japan had been an isolated nation. However, Fillmore ordered a trade mission to Japan. Although the mission was not completed during his administration, it did open up Japan for trade with the rest of the world. Also in the Pacific, Fillmore showed a lot of boldness in preventing the Hawaiian Islands from falling into European hands. Fillmore warned the powers of Europe that the United States would not tolerate any such action. Tensions over Cuba also aroused, and President Fillmore was directly blamed for the failure of an invasion of Cuba which was designed to promote rebellion from Spain (Remarkably like the Bay of Pigs a century later). In the final analysis, The Fillmore Presidency was indeed simply another stepping stone towards Civil War. He was the best, in my opinion of the Presidents who served in the 1850s, but he truly was a compromising man at a time when compromise was impossible. An honorable defeat is better than a dishonorable victory. --- Millard Fillmore, 13th President of the United States.