I believe that most of you Americans out there dont know what you are missing. Bush is very important to this country and can turn us in the right direction and out of the ****hole that Clinton has made. I live near a military base and I feel very bad for the military having to drive those very bad rusty vehicles. We desperately need more money to the military and more higher technology to out smart the opponent incase of a crisis. Also I am against Gore because he wants to get rid of the guns and weapons that us civilians use for hunting game. He says that he didnt say that, but if you watch him you will see that he has many different faces and many different stories. You just cant believe someone who tells more than one story. I think that we should stay out of the world affairs and just worry about ourselves. I know I am not the only one who thinks this way. We sacrifice our people to go make peace in the world when no other strong nation (China, Japan, Russia, Great Britain, etc..) will help. We should just mind our own business and leave everyone alone. WE MAKE MORE ENEMIES INTERFERING WITH OTHER COUNTRIES BUSINESS THAN ALLIES. So lets be smart and mind our own business. If any other Bush supporter out there sees this I would like to give you my support about the election results in Florida. Here is what I noticed: 1. Gore conceded that means that he emmitted defeat. Lets say for example you are in a boxing match. If you throw in the towel that means that you give up. You can not continue the match after that and start where you began because it is wrong. 2. There should be no reelection in Palm Beach because the Democrats said the ballot was fair and there was no problems until after the election. Also here is another example why: In a lottery you are not allowed to bet on the numbers and then lose and play again for the same numbers that came up. You already know what the outcome will be. 3. The ballots that were tossed away because of double punch shouldnt be allowed back. The reason why is because with an election you should be careful with what you do. In the area where I am if I pulled a switch for a canidate and wanted to change my mind or accidently hit it, it would have to stay and I would have to live with it and so should the people in Palm Beach. It doesnt break the right to vote, they did vote and made a mistake and the should learn from it. I am a proud supporter for the Republicans and I believe that they should not give in the the stupid donkeys(asses). GO BUSH, DO NOT GIVE UP WE BELIEVE IN YOU AND NEED YOU!!!!! 