Dick Cheney has a very long portfolio in both government and business. He served in both the Nixon and Ford Administrations, rising to chief of staff in the Ford years. He was elected to Congress from Wyoming in 1978, where he served for 10 years. There he was known as a solidly conservative voice. His most controversial vote, which was made over during the 2000 campaign, was his vote against establishing an embargo with apartheid South Africa. President Bush the 41st made him Defense Secretary, where he advocated very hawkish views. He coordinated strategic planning during the Persian Gulf War. He advocated more use and spending on technological warfare and intelligence. The problem with this approach is that you can't control the situation on the ground with these techniques. Cheney and the Neo-Conservatives were impressed by these fireworks during the Gulf War and they assumed that it would work as well in Afghanistan and Iraq. Nothing can really replace a manned military presence on the ground, especially if you want to engage in the foolish notion of nation-building which both Clinton and Bush have subscribed to. At the end of the Cold War, he advocated a unipolar world structure where the United States would be the unquestioned superpower, to the victor goes the spoils. Unfortunately it's not that simple. In all actuality there are about 4 or 5 powers that are major economic, social and even military players that can affect America's actions abroad. Cheney and his group seems to ignore balance of power considerations and realpolitik primarily because they believe the US can do whatever it wants. But anyways, when Bush lost re-election, Cheney went on to become executive of an energy company named Halliburton. I'll make the story short, there's a lot of corporate cronyism in this administration; changing of regulations to aid and support noted industries that are heavy Republican donors. Imported oil has become a greater part of the Bush-Cheney geopolitical calculus; you have a nexus of connections between national security, de-regulation of domestic markets, and the military-industrial complex. In my opinion, de-regulation as done by the Republicans has lead to the concentration of excessive corporate power in the hands of a few people, leading to less competition in the marketplace. This applies on many economic sectors, from energy companies to communications, where Clear Channel, a noted Bush-Cheney contributor, reaches 115 million TV and radio viewers. Even the market on ideas are being limited under this regulatory scheme. The connections to the military-industrial complex are even more dubious, where it has been noted that campaign contributors have received some plum contracts in Iraq and have over-charged the government. From building jail cells in Guantanamo for terrorists to logistical support in Central Asia, Halliburton and its subsidiary organizations play a major role in running our foreign policy. Cheney's secretiveness doesn't exactly help matters either. The excessive panic after 9/11 where the Vice President was taken to an undisclosed location gives us the impression that he governs above us, unaccountable to none. Even more disturbing is that Cheney seems to be a dominant force in this White House. The imposition of Cheney's Neo-Conservative ideology, a philosophy which has more in common with corporatism rather than traditional conservatism, is highly disturbing. Far too much power has been concentrated at the top, all in the name of the war on terrorism, or terror as Cheney and Bush say. Frighten the people and they will get behind anything is the philosophy of the Bush administration. Cheney has been one of the most powerful VP's that have ever served. Historically, the position was meant as a token political offer. Cheney effectively runs the policy and political operation in this White House mostly behind the scene. Maybe it's better that they keep him in the undisclosed location, his public persona fits the corporate cronyism that dominates this White House. And that's something the people definitely disprove of about Bush.