I am not here to bash Mr. Jackson, but to exhort him as the Bible calls us to hold those who calls themselves believers in Jesus Christ. As a true believer in Jesus Christ, it is hard for me to comprehend Jackson's behavior. He claims to be a Christian, but he is not the Salt of the earth and the Light of World, we are called by God to be those things. As a person of a minority race. it is very sad to see this man who claims to know Jesus Christ uses every opportunity to call racism. Martin Luther King jr. I believe would be so sad if he was alive to see how Jackson is acting like an idiot. Jesus Christ said My sheep will hear me and follow me, you will know my sheep by their fruits Mr. Jackson, I believe that you are a man who truly doesn't know Jesus Christ, it is sad to see so many socalled christians in the world instead of The Word. The Bible say many are called but only FEW ARE CHOSEN, and you definitely not chosen. You should move the title Reverend from your name, it is only for those who are called by God. A day will come when all would be judged by the Only King of Kings, Lord of Lords And Savior. Just think how sad and grieved the Holy Spirit is at your doings. Many born again Christians have been praying that God will reveal things about you and many so called christians, Praise God your behavior has been revealed, the deceit about your affair, the pain and anguish you caused your family. We all sin and fall short of God's glory, but when you come across God's people and start playing with them, watch out, because you don't want to mess with God. I believe if you were a true born again, you wouldn't not have stood for all the lies, deceit, hyprocrisy, cheating and fully support the administration that ruined the honor of the office of the Presidency. You would not agree to abortion, don't you know what the Bible says about it? Life begins at conception. It is sad because you have brought up your family in the same deceitful way you are. You are responsible for how you brought up your children, where are the Biblical principles in their lives? I feel sad that you think that you are a christian and you lobby on false pretense. To be a christian, God reaches for man, not man reaches for God. Why don't you truly repent and live a godly life. God forgives only when you truly know His Son. True repentance mean to turn away, not to be deceitful. You could fool people like yourself, but you could never fool God, He knows all. My pray is that you will truly understand who Jesus Christ is and truly stand for what He calls you to. What you have done is made a mockery of God. It is so sad that some of the minorities looking for a leader who is very deceitful. Remember the Bible says that even satan believes in God. As a believer, when I see you, I see a very deranged humam being who is leading people astray. Get out of the world and get into the Word, changes will happen if you mean it. Make peace with God, truly love your wife as Christ loves the Church. Stop making the Christians look bad. May God have mercy upon your soul. 