I really don't have to say much, numbers speek for themselves. 45% aproval rating, an all time low. He lost 7% in his first few months of his second term. If only we had the elections now, and if only we had somebody better than John Kerry to put up against him. Americans would be able to breathe again. It is an absolute joke to say that he will go down in history as one of the greatest presidents, A JOKE!............All that said, I now, have to put him up one star rating. Not for being a better president, for he will now probably go down as one of the worst (and he himself knows that) but because I have somewhat more respect for him as a human being. The fact that the FINALLY took responsibility and fault for the HORRIBLE response to Katrina, definitely shows that he is even worse of a president as most thought (39% approval rating, the lowest of any president since, lol his father). But I have more respect that he will admit fault and be a man. So basically, still a crappy president, but not that bad of a guy.................... To all evangelical Christians, here is something I found in my local news paper, written by a very insightful Minister in the United Church of Christ...... The Gospel according to Bush and Congress This is to thank the columnists who lifted up the plight of the poor on Sept. 7 and 8. Clarence Page wrote, "Katrina suddenly made America's invisible poor very visible again." Nicholas Kristof wrote, "So the best monument to the catastrophe in New Orleans would be a serious effort to address the poverty that afflicts the entire country." David Brooks wrote, "Katrina means that the political culture, already sour and bloody-minded in many quarters, will shift. ... The political culture is about to undergo some big change." I wonder why members of the administration and Congress, many of avowed biblical faith, haven't already changed to give priority to the faith of the prophets and Jesus. Jesus (in Luke's Gospel) begins his mission with this priority: "The Spirit of the Lord is upon me because he has anointed me to bring good news to the poor." Jesus' words "to bring good news" translate the Greek from which we derive directly the word "evangelical." A true evangelical is one who follows Jesus in his compassion for the poor. A true evangelical wants to change a country where 1.1 million more Americans lived in poverty in 2004 than in 2003 and the number of poor has risen 17 percent during the Bush presidency. Kristof wrote, "That's the larger hurricane of poverty that shames our land." If we can change our priorities, maybe God can turn our enervating shame into energizing gratitude. PAUL L. HAMMER BRIGHTON The writer is an ordained minister in the United Church of Christ and a retired professor of biblical studies at Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School. I feel bad for laughing right now when millions of people are bracing for a natural disaster, but I just had to add one more thing.....I'm sorry, but it is hillarious. If you go to google.com, and type in failure, the biography of George W. Bush is the VERY first hit that shows up. I had heard it from someone that I worked with and had thought it was a joke, but it's actually true. That is very sad. I suppose Bush supporters are going to claim that the internet has a liberal bias now too? 