Lincoln often gets credit for freeing the slaves. He didn't and he couldn't as it took a constitutional amendment to do that. Lincoln often gets credit for saving the Union. He didn't as his actions actually killed the patient along the way though perhaps the patient was terminal upon arrival. Returning to slavery, one must ask whether the costs to accelerate the end of slavery was worth the short-term bloodshed and the long-term exacerbation of racial tensions. I say short-term bloodshed to accelerate because 1) slavery had ended peacefully through most (all?) of Western Europe and in most of the North prior to the American Civil War and 2) slavery would end peacefully in Brazil (for instance) after the American Civil War. (Also note that slavery was even more important to the Brazilian economy than it was to the economy of the American South.) There is no reason to believe that slavery would have somehow persisted in the American South. I say long-term exacerbation of racial tensions because societies that change on their own are (of course) more accepting of the changes. As President, Lincoln took an oath to uphold the Constitution. Ignoring same to save the Union kills both (the other comments having already listed several instances of this). (By the way, a speech deterrent is usually, if not always a violation of the First Amendment notwithstanding some wordsmithing in other comments to the contrary.) Moreover, legal or not, the South did secede. The arguments for the former is that Northern states had threatened to do the same earlier which suggests that these states were then estopped from denying the right to others, the right to secede was taught at West Point, and Chief Justice Chase advised the Administration that secession was legal (hence Jefferson Davis was never tried for treason). Moreover, some of the acts and positions of the Union Government were in direct conflict with its official position that the South did not secede. (For instance if the Southern states did not secede, then they were not readmitted which brings the legality of the slave amendments into question, not to mention the State of West Virginia.) Someone suggested that if Gen. Grant had been put in charge earlier, the war would have been won by the North earlier. While anything in this area is speculation, one could conclude the exact opposite. From my reading, Grant was more of a blunt instrument rather than a tactician resulting in massive casualties in offensive operations (eg Cold Harbor and The Wilderness). This level of Northern casualties early on could have actually cost Lincoln the 1864 election and resulted in a peace treaty. The bottom line is that Lincoln ultimately killed what he claimed to be saving and the war most likely exacerbated the long-term loss of civil rights for African-Americans.