As a Moderate Republican, I understand Senator Jeffords sentiments. My critique of the party leadership and direction is somewhat different, but still, I believe that he shouldn't have jumped ship. He did not realize that he could weld more influence in Washington as a deal making liberal Republican than just another Democrat. By being the lynchpin in major votes; he could have given the moderate wing of the GOP more power. Being a moderate and Republican seems to an anachronism in the current political climate that exists. Historically, the Republican party has been the party of conserving our resources and looking forward to the future at the same time. Bush spoke like a moderate in 2000, but his administration has only catered to the hard right wing of the party. Moderate Republicans espouse values that neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans have, namely a realist foreign policy that is strong buy understand of the nature of American power in the world, the importance of a balance budget, a need for smaller government that does not intrude on the personal rights of the individual, and environmental conservation. Being a moderate Republican means that you oppose any kind of concentration of power in the hands of either big business or big government. President Teddy Roosevelt governed with these ideas in mind, and American was all the stronger for it. George W. Bush's Republican party does not represent these ideals. Bush plays hardball by using the politics of fear to get his weak and insipid point across. The so-called Southern Strategy is not enough to create majorities. The entire country is not ultra-conservative. Moderate Republicans are still an important part of the party; in fact, the majority of GOP voters are moderates. The grass-roots for the past 30 years or so have been controlled by a small faction of cultural conservatives who, when in control, have a decidedly naive and reductionist view of the world. The Republicans needs to adopt more of a big tent attitude. I understand the political calculations behind the Southern Strategy. The problem is that the party is appealing to a very narrow segment of the electorate by playing on culture warrior wedge issues that pay little heed to sound and pragmatic policy. Short term, there is a political gain. The Republican majority in Congress was built in the South, but the parties appeal everywhere else is waning. From the Midwest to the Northeast, and even the Western states, the parties influence has been waning. For all the chestbeating of the some in support of a supermajority in Congress, there are serious problems that will hinder the party under this leadership from taking on such power. I'm by no means dismissing Southerns, most of them vote like the rest of the country today. My concern is that a small minority of Neo-Conservatives have taken over the government and the Republican Party without so much as a vote cast for such an extreme ideology.