There are some problems with Rumsfeld's defense posture that have been and will continue to be problematic if they are not fixed soon. Basically Rumsfeld has bought into the notion of 'transformation', which means that we can sustain military operations and dominance by way of technological means, such as new missile systems and space-warfare innovations that can precisely hit a target from far above. In such a scheme, the speed and lethality of the US armed forces are given a higher priority rather than more mundane and labor-intensive matters needed to maintain law and order through a military occupation. This requires troops, skills and equipment to maintain. Technology may be good to fight conventional wars, but for unconventional conflicts like Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan, technology clearly has its limits. There comes a point where our manned forces need the proper support to sustain on-the-ground operations, which is a critical aspect of the war on terrorism. Unfortunately, the army in particular hasn't received enough support from the civilian authorities in the Pentagon lead by Donald Rumsfeld. Meanwhile, the Army and Marines find themselves in the midst of the worst recruitment crisis they've had since the end of the Vietnam War. Bad enough that they have actually been forced to lower basic requirements for entry into the armed forces and even then, they have to provide a high amount of inducements just to bring them into the fold so they can fulfill their quotas. An emerging problem however might not necessarily be new recruits, which will probably go back up after we leave Iraq, but rather the potential for a mass exodus of mid-level military professionals much like what happened after Vietnam. Basically there comes a point where people stop taking the back-to-back deployments and decide that the commitment simply isn't worth it, especially when they're not getting the proper support they need from civilian management. Senior military officers are now torn, yes; we did manage to topple the regimes in Iraq and Afghanistan with lightening speed, but defeat paradoxically still nags at them, particularly because we haven't been able to secure either target from major insurgencies. Indeed, most senior officers recognize this paradox and have pointed out the precarious state of our operations in Iraq. Rumsfeld has not helped the situation by politicizing the military part of the defensive secretaries office. General Jay Garner, who was originally chosen to run Iraq went to the media and told reporters that if the officers disagreed with the civilian authorities, they would ostracized and removed from their jobs, their reputations ruined. Such an environment, similar to the one during the Johnson administration in Vietnam, has demoralized much of the rank-and-file, thus creating an even more dangerous situation in Iraq. The main paradox here, like in Vietnam is that while there's no way we can militarily lose there, there's also no way we can win. We haven't lost any battles in Iraq, but yet the insurgency rages on. Additionally, the high concentration of troops in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to a leaked internal Pentagon report, has limited the amount of operations the military can undertake simultaneously due to a lack of recruits. Career generals like Eric Shinseki have been fired just for pointing out this reality to Rumsfeld. Seems to me that even dissent viewpoints are terminally punished. Shinseki, who pointed out to congress before the Iraq war that several hundred thousand troops would be needed to secure Iraq after the initial ground operation came to a conclusion. For this, he was fired and discredited. This is just one example of the autocratic tendencies of this administration, starting at the top and going down. The path they're treading is all too familiar and unfortunately it is leading to the demoralization of much of the non-political staff in the military.