Originally I wanted to vote for Nader and be a part of the grassroots movement of bringing third/fourth, etc. parties into our political process. But then I started researching the issues and Nader's stance on them. I've come to the conclusion that Nader is great at identifying the problems, and that's it. He fails when it comes to presenting strong policy of how to solve these problems. Every day I go to the Nader website to see if something new is posted under the issues page, unfortunately, mostly what I find are only quotes from Nader citing the problem facing each issue. For example, under the issue death penalty on Nader's site, all that is listed is the following: Since I was a law student at Harvard, I have been against the death penalty. It does not deter. It is severely discriminatory against minorities, especially since they re given no competent legal counsel defense in many cases. It s a system that has to be perfect. You cannot execute one innocent person. No system is perfect. And to top it off, for those of you who are interested in the economics, it costs more to pursue a capital case toward execution than it does to have full life imprisonment without parole. Okay- that's great and all, I agree, but what he is going to do? Does he plan on appointing members to the Supreme Court who oppose the death penalty? Does he want to work with Congress to add an amendment to the bill of rights- directed at the 8th amend. which discusses cruel and unusual punishment? Does he want the justice department to start an investigation or in-depth probe into the use of capital punishment in the U.S.? I'm not sure- he never says how/when is hopes to accomplish this change- just that he wants it done. It's not enough to run for the presidency, the highest office in the U.S., solely on the basis that you want things changed- you need to let the American people know how you're going to change them. I don't need a candidate to tell me what the issues are, I know them, I need a candidate who will present me with real/viable solutions. I want to know that the candidate has thought long and hard about these solutions, and how he would implement them. Nader doesn't provide that. Instead of jumping on the train for a 3rd party candidate, just b/c we happen to like the idea of a 3rd party candidate, we need to ask ourselves, does this candidate really have the experience/knowledge/leadership to work towards solving our problems? This is where I believe that Gore has filled the gap. Not only has he identified the issues, as Nader has, but Gore has in-depth policy proposals on each issue- Nader does not. Additionally, Nader lacks experience in many of the areas that are the focal point of the presidency- namely, foreign policy. The shaping of U.S. foreign policy is a key component of the presidency, and one that should not be overlooked by the American voters. Nader is equally as weak as Bush is in this area. He does not have the qualifications/background in the complexity of U.S. foreign policy. Where does he stand on the MidEast peace process? What about the issues of the recent elections in Yugoslavia? What about the continued fighting in the Somalia and Eritrea? What to do about China/Twain? How will the unified Korea be handled? We need to look at all candidates, including non-major party candidates, in the same critical way that we look at the major party candidates. It's not enough that someone tells us what's wrong, rather, we need someone who has the experience and in-depth understanding of these issues to propose real and feasible solutions to help us make it right. Do your homework, make sure you fully understand where the candidate stands on each issue, as well as specific examples of how he plans on put the U.S. on the right track during the next four years. 