I can respect a persons opinion other than mine, that's the American way. however it is my opionion that this polarized nonsense that has gone on since the election should scare the hell out of us. when Baker says they've counted the votes over and over and over, and Bush has won , does he really think all of us are as stupid as they hope we are, because if he really beleives all the votes were counted, that's scarry, but if he wants us to beleive all the votes were counted, that is truly frightening, from some one who represents possibly the next U.S. president. Thishas stunk right from the beginning, there must be a better Quallified Republican somewhere in these 50 states than G.W., really! The things the republicans are saying about the Democrats are the very actions they are comitting. There were seriouse problems in my state of Florida, but don't expect to hear the facts, only the spin. My vote is mine, thats our right, and all votes legally cast must be counted, even the dimpled votes. The turn out of voters this time is a record, and having first hand knowlege of these antique punch ballot machines , and it is a fact that when as many people whoe voted on these ballots, durring the 12 hour period, when the cases were not serviced, (never had to in the past due to normal voter turn out)nor would the poling personel be aware, or quallified, or legally allowed to handle them untill the end,the trays under the holes would probably fill or clog preventing a clean punch out of the chad. Any one who has ever used a paper hole punch has experienced something similar sometime in at least their childhood, does that mean that they didn't vote, James Baker would have us beleive so, that scares me, and I voted for Gov. Bush. It trobles me that there is so much spin from the countless talking heads, and very little simple show and tell from all the media so that no matter the outcome so we can go on as a nation somewhat united.A victory by the Republicans will only please less than half of those who voted, this I beleive, because it is a fact Gore, no matter what you beleive, won the popular vote, and was ahead in the electorial numbers, this is not a sporting event, it's not a game, why are so many on both sidesfeeding us spin sound bites, we put them there, we deserve the respect they fail to give us. In the past 20 years our governing body has lost touch with the people, I don't think there are a hand full of people of either party who can explain why they are Republican or Democrat, they seem to be one or the other just to be in the game, and want to be on the winning tean, how sad. Thats why we have such poor choices every 4 years lately, and the voter turn out has been so poor untill this election, it was a big turnout because people mostly voted to keep the other guy out, other guy , and our polititions know these things, thats why we haven't seen some one win the office with a majority in a long time, and it is why congress has dragged it's collective feet for so many years, ask people who the speaker of the house is, you would be suprised with the answers, not since tipp o'neil, or the scandle that gave Neut his 15 min. has ther been any strong sense from congress.The shamefull behaior of penisgate , and continued lack of production from at least the 105, 106 congress should give us taxpayers reason to demand a refund. While I'm on a roll, if we want to fix social security, put congressmen on it instead of the golden retirement plans they receive, then we might see some difference, like I said I voted For G.W Bush, because I'm a republican, not some rabid extreime right winger, and what's that all about, we are all americans, we are all different, thats what made us what we are,to suggest that because I'm a Republican I agree with the likes of Rush Limbaugh, hell no , personally I think he's nothing more than an entertainer who's views, for the most part are pure garbage, and those who suck around his ideals are no better, but because I'm an American first, and my opinion is just as valid as his. So lets try to get back to reallity, read some history, and less O'Riely factor(sic.) because if you beleive any of the spin were going to go nowhere, and we need to correct a lot of problems so this will never happened again, I do not support most of my parties views thats my right, and to follow blindly is less than sad.