It's incredible that feelings seem to run so high about Ronald Reagan after he has been out of office for so long. Still, I think that he has to be considered a great president. We have to remember the situation that the country found itself in before his election, the problems that it faced, and the goals that he set for his administration. The country was in a very difficult position. Five previous presidencies could be considered failures. (Although in fairness to Presidents Kennedy and Ford, they weren't failures, they simply weren't in office long enough to be very effective.) People believed that the economic woes of the 70's were beyond repair. Stagflation, a phenomenon that had never been seen before, seemed impervious to government remedy. In addition, American foreign policy had lost it's way. Vietnam had burned the country badly and the nation felt overwhelmed by the many problems that the post-colonial world that we had helped to create posed to us. Watergate, too, was fresh in people's minds. Government was not trusted and we , as a people, were in, to use the word that was popular at the time, a malaise . Reagan's goals were threefold: 1.) to reinvigorate the economy, 2.) to give America a sense of purpose in it's foreign policy, and 3.) to help the country to heal from it's wounds of the previous 17 years and to help it come to belive in it's ideals again. Did Reagan accomplish his goals? Yes, he did. He is one of the few American presidents who actually was able to accomplish in his presidency eveything that he set out to do. The others are Washington, Lincoln, and FDR. Not bad company at all. In the course of addressing the nation's problems were new problems created? In fairness we must say, Absolutely . The deficits were large, people became a bit too materialistic, and sometimes our feelings of national pride can descend into jingoism. But none of that should diminish Reagan's acheivement. Every policy has consequences. The Louisiana Purchase initially brought about the spread of slavery and eventually helped to bring about the Civil War. That does not mean that it was a bad thing. Presidents can only deal with the problems of the day. I think it funny that Reagan should be such a polarizing figure. Conservatives obviously regard him highly because he believed what they believe and was successful in implimenting his ideas into policy. And his policies were successful. But ironically, I believe that liberals should regard him highly as well. Reagan proved that government is not ineffectual. He proved that even when faced with great and apparently insurmountable difficulties the government, when it has the combination of the right policies and the goodwill of the American people, can overcome anything. He who cautioned against the perils of overdependence upon the federal restored confidence in it. And cofidence in the government is absolutely essential for anyone who would seek to govern be they liberal or conservative. 