I am definitely voting for Bush, and I felt he held his own in the debate last night, I also think he missed a couple of key opportunities to better express his stance (Medicare and Education). I think he did a fair job of getting across those points, however he could have been stronger and more clear about his proposals (by the way, if Gore sighed one more time and made another stupid face I was going to scream) Even though I support Bush, I do NOT agree with the reviewer yesbush. I am not voting for Bush so that we can have Bible concious judges in the Supreme Court who will choose social policies for our country. As Bush himself stated, these Supreme Court judges are responsible for upholding the constitution, the position is not a soapbox for their personal social beliefs. Of course, that will play a role in their performance..it is not their responsibility. Also, yesbush's comments on homosexual relationships and parentage is really hitting a nerve (I am literally gritting my teeth). Without getting into that (which I am finding it difficult to hold my tongue on..bible toting hypocrites really aggravate me) I will say I do not believe homosexuality is a sin. If that is why you are voting for him..whatever, my comment would go on for pages. I support Bush's stand on education, other choices, mandatory testing and federal funding. I also agree with his Medicare and Social Security plans (it will not take 4-5 years to implement the Immediate Helping Hand policy). I simply do not trust Gore. One last thing, I do respect our environment, however if Bush can come up with a way to produce our own crude oil in an environmentally friendly way in Alaska, I support it 100%. Gore wavers. First he says we can not exploit our lands treasure troves and after Bush makes the remark about the danger of relying on Hussein for 1 mil. barrels of oil/day, Gore comes back and says we should explore domestically yet gives no plan, no destination. Why? because Alaska is one of our best options. My one conflict is that I am pro-choice..however Gore's scare tactics of trying to make me believe that Roe vs. Wade will be reversed just aren't working.