James K. Polk and his Presidency is much like that of George Washington. Both Polk and Washington had similar attitudes toward slavery, and it showed in the decisions they made. And both Washington and Polk left the White House having accomplished the goals that they set upon entering. Ironically enough, I said that George Washington was the one man who if he had taken a strong stance against slavery in the United States would have been able to avert Civil War. Well, only a little over a decade after the Presidency of Polk, who was extremely popular, the Civil War broke out. His narrow minded views on slavery only furthered the sectionalist movement and led us closer to Civil War. He personally supported the ban of slavery in all lands acquired by Mexico, but never stood fully behind it. Texas became a state in December of 1845, but Mexico refused to accept the Rio Grande as the border. They believed that Texas's border was further north. Polk sent American troops to the Rio Grande. Tensions mounted when the Mexican Army crossed the border and killed over a dozen American soldiers. At Polk's urging, Congress declared war. The war was won in short time with minimum American casualties. While whether the war was worth fighting is debateable, his leadership was very bold. Meanwhile, border disputes with Great Britain in Oregon were intensifying, and Polk was more than willing to use military force to get what he wanted. In the end, though, Polk compromised with the British and finally settled the border dispute. As a result of the war with Mexico, much land was acquired from Mexico. The treaty which granted the United States the land did nothing to address slavery in these new territories. Meanwhile, Polk lowered tariffs, which he promised to do while running for President. The Independent Treasury Act had been repealed in 1841. Polk attempted to revive this, and signed the Independent Treasury Act of 1846. It entrusted the federal government with the exclusive management of government funds and required that disbursements be made in hard specie like gold or silver, or in paper backed by gold or silver. So in the final analysis, Polk was definately a President who had a significant impact on the office. He left office having successful acquired California and New Mexico and settled the Oregon and Texas border disputes. He strengthened the Executive Office. The United States increased 25% in size as a result of the war with Mexico and the agreement with Britain over Oregon. He masterfully kept open lines of communication with Congress, established an administrative press, and conducted himself as a representative of the whole people. He left the office the most successful president since Washington in the accomplishment of his goals. Sadly, Polk was the last president popular enough to have had any hope of successfully addressing the slavery issue. However, at that point in time, I do not believe that any man had a chance of preventing the Civil War that occured just a decade after Polk left office. Nonetheless, his ruthless pursuit of expanding American borders was not guided with much consideration for the divisions that it would cause in the country. In truth, though I occupy a very high position, I am the hardest working man in this country. --- James K. Polk, 11th President of the United States.