I love how liberals eschew any attempt at objective analysis in favor of the bold faced emotionalism in which soaks the fetid hatred of our evil and stupid president. So it is, the deontological glass that all liberal causative theory is poured and regardless of substance will always take the same form. The economy is in the tank they boom. Yet, unemployment is at an historical low of 4.9%. Minority unemployment is at its lowest point in our nation's history. The economy has added over 3,000,000 new jobs in the last 12 months. The GNP has averaged over 4.1% for the last two years. Business investments have increased to almost 12%. Productivity is high at 5.4%. Inflation is low hovering around 3%. Interest rates are historically very low. Housing startups are at an all time high- more people own their houses now than at any time in our history. All this success has occured on George Bush's watch after the country dipping into a recession only months after he took office and we incurred the 9-11 attacks. Much of these historical lows are the equivalent to Clinton's economic record- but who cares about simple facts. Which brings me to the insinuation that Bush's tax cuts caused the levee's to break. Are you people kidding me? On one hand you blast the Bush administration for run away spending (which is an absolutely valid complaint) but on the other blame his cuts(?) for causing the levee failures. This administration has spent like druken sailors increasing non-defense expenditures by over 36% on Bush's watch. He's funded everything from education to prescription drugs. Pork barrel farm bills to pork barrel transportation bills. Are we really trying to blame him for cutting spending on these particular levees? Where was the state senator Mary Landreau when it was time to lobby for the levees? How about the brilliant mayor Negin? What about the state governor- why didn't she put the levee repair at the top of her list? This position is simply stupid. If anything Bush spends too much but why should reality get in the way of loud hyperbolic attacks. As for Bush's foreign policy again liberals can't even keep their analogies straight nor can they make a cohesive argument for ANY war beyond whether a Democrat is waging it. We're bogged down like Vietnam, this is an unjust war what did Iraq have to do with the war on terror no blood for oil (unless it's bilked through the UN then it's A-OK). We lost 58,000 soldiers in Vietnam and actually never lost a single military engagement. We lost that war here at home because liberals scums in the media and on college campuses waged a blitzkrieg of propoganda- our soliders were baby killers- that forced weak-kneed politicians to surrender. And in our failure to protect the innocent from the wrath of communism over 3 million died brutal deaths in South Vietnam and Cambodia. Don't liberals care about the dereliction of duty that comes with our role in the world? What about those human rights of those 3 million dead? In Iraq, we have lost less than 1900 soldiers in two years- all brave men fighting to protect liberty abroad. Yet here comes the drum beat our soldiers are torturers they're dying for nothing. But what war can a liberal say is worth fighting for? And on what grounds? Our soldiers- under the command of this audacious president are attempting to achieve something momentous in the Middle East- a freely elected democratic republic. A government, that if successful, will help tip the balance to liberty in an area of the world where the culture needs to be uprooted and replanted. And in the long term will reduce terrorism. 