Definitely the greatest President of the 20th century, and arguably the greatest of all time, no man wielded more power for the people in office than Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Upon taking office in 1933, he pushed forward his New Deal policies that immediately began repairing the damage done by the unrestricted elitistic society of the 1920s (irresponsibly termed the Roaring Twenties--over half of the population in the United States was below the poverty line) that left us in a full-blown depression. Though his first set of policies, aimed at cutting supply, were widely unpopular and unsuccessful, he quickly moved forward with the creation of programs that would pave the way for the forty-two years of successful liberal government that our nation would enjoy (1933-1975) with his broad-sweeping reforms such as Social Security, the AFDC, and a whole slew of other programs such as the Works Projects Administration and the Youth Project Association. If FDR did anything in error during the 1930s, it was to ignore the advice of the Father of Modern Economics, John Maynard Keynes. Keynes advised Roosevelt, as he had advised the leaders of European nations, to increase the money supply and government spending to prime the pump to revive the sluggish economy. FDR ignored this advice at first, and our nation fell back into depression in the mid-1930s. Roosevelt then quickly adopted Keynesian policy, a policy that has totally eradicated the depression from the economic experience in modern times. His personable fire-side chats and his guarantees for a New Deal for the American people earned him quick popularity with the public, and he was elected not only to an unprecedented third term, but an absolutely unprecedented fourth term. His Social Security program widely destroyed poverty among the elderly, once a group that was forced to roam the streets among the homeless in starvation--and his AFDC provided aid to families and children below the poverty line. With his progressive tax structures in place, ALL income levels experienced the same amount of growth from his administration until the rise of the corporate special interest system in 1975 (a fact that destroys the conservative myth that high progressive taxation destroys competition and incentive.) In keeping with the spirit of FDR's liberal programs, Presidents Truman, Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson, and Nixon all expanded governmental powers, cut poverty levels to record minimums, and pushed through civil rights legislation desperately needed by our people. (And remember that Eisenhower and Nixon were Republicans--they, too, widely supported public programs and expansion of governmental powers.) The legacy of FDR is, indeed, the single greatest threat to the conservative agenda, as his administration proved the validity (and necessity) of progressive taxation, government regulation, and the welfare state (Social Security and the AFDC.) FDR himself was a colorful character, a successful communicator and exemplary leader. And he owes much, perhaps most of his success to his devoted wife, Eleanor Roosevelt. While FDR was hanging on to the white supremacists in the Democratic party, she attracted the African Americans, who left the Republican ranks in droves. And with that, the genius of Franklin Delano Roosevelt is complete--he and First Lady Eleanor secured the votes of both the southern white racists and the African Americans all within the same party! No leader before or since has managed such a feat. In fact, soon after Roosevelt's death, the Democratic party splintered into two factions--the white supremacists, disgusted with FDR's and Truman's programs that benefited blacks, jumped ship soon to find solace in the Dixie-crat party (a party that, under the guise of states' rights, hoped to further disenfranchise of minorities and women--and it ran none other than J. Strom Thurmond for President in 1948) leaving the intellectuals, blacks, and supporters of civil rights in the original Democratic Party. An interesting side note, the white supremacists (including J. Strom Thurmond) ultimately found a home with the wealthy elites in the Republican party in the 1960s. FDR is, of course, not without his share of scandals. His court packing scheme was a splendid example of his eagerness to repair our nation's economy 'his' way. But it was his liberal legacy for which he would ultimately be revered for years to come. And so remembering FDR's example (and forty years of successful liberal government) is especially important as we witness our current President, George W. Bush, attempt to further undermine progressive taxation and Social Security. I can only hope and pray that we will not have to endure another economic disaster, or perhaps, God save us, an environmental disaster before our people will return to our healthy liberal heritage. But on the other hand, our people did elect William J. Clinton in 1992, his tenure in office certainly being something of an oasis in the desert of corporate special interest that has been our political system since 1975. Thanks for reading, and God bless! :-) Neil (neil@cooke.net) 