A dreadful, ancient fossil who should have retired decades ago instead of taking up useless space like he had since 1956. Another hypocrite of the GOP stripe in that he panders to the ignorant, moronic, good ol' boy, woman-hating, Klan-wannabe constituency, yet apparently fathered at least one child out of wedlock with an African-American woman. Apparently he enjoys it both ways: stroking redneck cracker yokels while getting some o' that fine jungle tail!!! Ah wish ah was in Dixie, sho' enough!!! But seriously, folks, if you've ever been to South Carolina and seen what a depressing and depressed, primitive and backward place it is, you'd wouldn't cast votes of confidence in the leadership of the Palmetto State's former senior Senator. SC has one of the worst educational systems in the country, an alarming degree of poverty and a disconcertingly high crime rate, a very slack business environment and a pervading antipathy toward workers' rights and wellbeing, a high degree of domestic violence and a serious problem in terms of broken families, an infrastructure that looks like something out of the early 1960s, and a frigthening number of archiac subhumans who worship that symbol of racism, treason and inhumanity, namely, the ol' Stars and Bars. Considering all this, one has to wonder what Strom had been doing all those years in the Senate to improve the quality of life for his fellow South Carolinians. It appears that he wasn't doing much. Yet his friends and family members and he himself seem to have done very well financially due to the fact that the geriatric horseturd was so well connected to the government teat. UPDATE 12/22/03: Great to see this ancient pile of dog barf now taking his well-deserved dirt nap has been finally outed as ultimate hypocritical bastard sire. This Mrs. Washington is only the first of his illegitimate progeny who's gone public, and there's certain to be more on the way. Ol' Strom has at least one other illegitimate daughter, who's said to be a very attractive and stylish mulatto Woman About Town in the Myrtle Beach area. This woman hasn't come forward yet, probably because the racist bowel movement who fathered her probably paid her off well. This is a different set-up from Mrs. Washington, who by all accounts so far seems to have been largely stiffed by the former sleepwalking senior U.S. Senator from the Toilet State. It's great to know that at night Ol' Strom was doing the jungle fever thing with the sistas while by day he was spearheading legislative initatives and other less official means to deny Afro Americans their inalienable rights, thereby refusing to grant equality and humanity to the selfsame race he himself had mixed with. What a great man!!! What a leader!!! What a conservative icon!!! It's not too surprising that the GOP and conservative element has been awfully quiet on this issue over the past few weeks. Go figure: when this fossilized bag of donkey puke was finally forcibly evicted from the Senate just a year ago, there were all these congratulatory send-offs and lionization of a fifth-rate human being, and the American public once again was subjected to the rightwing/broadcast media propaganda in an attempt to rewrite history and further mystify the non-comprehending average citizen. Now that the old reprobate and phony has been outed, the rightwingers seem to have developed laryngitis and the media is trying to bury this story with all due speed. And what's very interesting is that the Thurmond family, with donkeydust smeared across their collective face, has either tried to ignore this issue, hide from the media, discount the woman's assertions, refuse to accept her as part of their common legacy and have expressed resentment and hostility against Mrs. Washington instead of hanging their heads in shame, which, after all, would be the appropriate response to all of this. The Thurmond family is just as pukesome, arrogant, defiant, lacking in contrition and despicable as its patriarch, but that's no wonder: we're talking about lowlife Southerners here, the closest thing to royalty that exists in South Carolina. Tells you plenty about that latrine of a state.