I will be grading Presidents from now on based on five categories. The highest score that they can get in each category is a 5. I will add the scores of each category up and then average them. The categories are (1)Crisis Leadership (2) Diplomatic Relations (3) Economic Management (4) Vision For The Country and (5) Morality/Popularity. Franklin Pierce took office at a time in which the nation was ever more divided over slavery. Dealing with deep personal tragedies and losses, he unfortunately made unwise decisions which set the nation on an irreversable course to war. (1)Crisis Leadership: 2 out of 5 Stars- To be fair, Pierce tried his best to deal with the divisions. By signing the Kansas-Nebraska Act in 1854, Pierce said that whether slavery would exist in the territorial area of Kansas and Nebraska would be left up to the settlers in that region. Almost immediately, southernors and abolishionists alike headed for Kansas to instill their own beliefs. The governor of the territory was somewhat anti-slavery and began to appease the abolishionists. The pro-slavery South demanded that Pierce fire the governor of Kansas. So he did, and replaced him with a Northern Slavery Sympathizer. When this occured, the abolishionists tried to instill their own government, and then bloodshed broke out. Hundreds of abolishionists and southenors alike were slain, and Kansas was a warzone without Civil Order. The President refused to send federal troops to stop the madness. (2)Diplomatic Relations: 3 out of 5 stars-Pierce found international affairs an enjoyable break from the domestic debates over slavery at home. Even though the Mexican War had ended, border disputes still existed in the southern parts of present-day Arizona and New Mexico. The President sent Senator James Gadson to Mexico, who made the Gadson purchase which consisted of southern Arizona and New Mexico and set the final border for the continental United States. Pierce tried in vain to purchase Cuba from Spain. Purchasing Cuba would have greatly pleased Southernors as the island permitted slavery. Due mainly to the actions of President Fillmore, a trade agreement was reached with Spain in which it opened itself up for trade. Pierce also rejected the annexation of Hawaii, instead promising to protect them from European control.(3)Economic Management: 2 out of 5 stars- Despite the continued debt from the Mexican War, the President paid $10 Million dollars to Mexico in order to make the Gadson purchase and was willing to spend $130 Million to purchase Cuba. The President really had no sense of money management and introduced no plan to pay off old debts. (4)Vision For The Country: 1 out of 5 stars- Pierce left no real mark on the office other than the purchase of a small amount of land in the Gadson Purchase. He did nothing to stop the bloodshed in Kansas, and was a very much failing President because he had no plans of what he wanted to do while in office. (5)Morality/Popularity: 2 out of 5 Stars- By the end of his administration, Pierce was not very popular due to the ongoing conflict in Kansas and elsewhere. He even was kicked off his party's ticket desite his wishes to run again. His refusal to stop the bloodshed in Kansas with federal force was a true sense of his lack of morals and consideration for the lives that were lost there. The bloodshed in Kansas can actually be considered the prelude to the Civil War. [Final Score: 2] In the final analysis, Pierce's Administration marked the first official bloodshed over the issue of slavery in Kansas, and his refusal to stop it set us on the short road to Civil War. Much due to his actions, its no surprise that his successor was not able to prevent Civil War as well. You have summoned me in my weakness. You must sustain me by your strength. --- Franklin Pierce, 14th President of the United States.