Chester Arthur assumed the Presidency under a very dark cloud after the assassination of President James Garfield. Most people, including his closest friends, expected that Arthur would not be able to do the job. Turns out they were wrong. President Garfield had been assassinated by a disgrutled civil service worker. The civil service was based on the patronage system at the time; whenever a new administration would take office, most government employees were fired, being that they were political appointees. All the Presidents before this had tolerated this spoils system. Indeed Arthur himself was a product of this system. He became Vice President in no small part because he was such a strong proponent of the spoils system. He always maintained a solid record of honesty throughout his career. During his tenure as Collector of the Port of New York, a position used the line the pockets of loyal party men, Arthur administered it honestly and efficiently. Ironically enough, Arthur would go on to become best known for overhauling this corrupt system--he cut off the hand that fed his rise to political prominence. His justice department also cracked down on corruption in Post Office, which was staffed by many important people from his own political party. So at least he was honest, and that's what he should be remembered for most of all. On the foreign policy front, he improved relations with Asia, specifically China. He vetoed the China Exclusionary Act that would have banned immigration from that country; this would have violated our treaties with the Chinese. He tried to lower tariffs and he began construction of an all steel navy. He made us stronger on the international front. Unfortunately, Arthur only served three years, he was a very sick man and he died only a year after he left the Presidency Arthur on the balance should be rated higher by historians; he had guts and showed leadership by cracking down on corruption in government as a whole. Far more visionary than most give him credit for.