I wasn't planning on doing this, but I have to. Im sick and tired of all of the disgusting, anti-American hate-filled comments on here that its disturbing. StanUzbeck writes May he burn in hell. I can see hating or disagreeing with the President, but telling him to burn in hell? True Freedom writes, Bush is a stupid Stupid STUPID white man, a prejudice bigot... No, you idiot, what you said was biggotry. IDSNL called the President a loser , but didn't have the guts to say why or how. andyknoedler wrote, ...incoherent and weak president. Do you really believe his actions shortly after 9-11 were weak ? Bombing a country and going to war? Junker279 writes, ...you #@$#@ hick. Why listen to this prejudice? The Father of Racism on RIA, newsoul, wrote, white conservatives are our enemy we should fight back... Who actually pays attention to this racist anymore? Seriously? sivaeb12 writes, ...quite possibly the dumbest man to hold office.... Really? A millionaire who went to Yale and Harvard? And he's dumb? jobrumo writes, Is it Bush or Cheney who is President? Maybe its Rumsfeld. This clown dosn't even know who the President is. Bryght wrote, what kind of IDIOT would vote for a morn like Bush? Well, obviously millions of Americans. The Real Truth wrote, ...this idiot has started a war. My fear is that when I quit laughing...it will be time to cry. First, Saddam asked for war. He had 48 hours to leave. Secondly, your laughing over the war. sum41freak stupidly wrote, he is a mean man! Why? For killing people who want all of us dead? kiddatado first calls Bush a lunatic , then goes on to comapre him to Hitler. Hmmm, a mad man from the 30's with Socialist views being comapred to an American conservative President. Your a genuis. gummocatkilla writes, You are a fack president. What the hell does that mean? entranger wrote, The world would be a much better place if he were dead. Really? Millions of people without freedom they now have, the US without a leader? Mema writes, the only things he accomplished is breaking down the US' economics and starting the wars. I think the terrorists asked for war when they killed 3000 Americans from 80 countries on 9-11. I guess you missed that when writing your comment that 9 people actually found helpful. Ghost Dancer wrote, We could never disagree with you... Who has said that? I guess you forgot to mention all of the anti-war movements. ImpeachBush writes, Bush has 48 hours to leave office!! Okay, you are just stupid. Those are just a small fraction of the crap thats written on here. I think W. is a great man and a better President. He's lead the country though two wars, eliminating terrorists, and making all Americans safer. There has been no terrorist attack on US soil since 9-11. His leadership through the days after 9-11 was awesome and inspiring. He has gone to both Yale and Harvard, was governor of Texas, easily making him smart, intelligent, and qualified for Presidency. He is a man of excellent morals and is very persistent. Sorry for the long rant, but I just ahd to quote some of the naive idiots on this thread.