I live in New York. Therefore, Hillary Rodham Clinton is my Senator. You know, I chuckle whenever I hear people complain that she has this secret agenda (listen carefully, my children...)- Hillary wants to turn my state into the People's Republic of New York! OH MY GOD! NO!! IT CAN'T BE TRUE!!! Somebody save me from this necromancer who only wants to help New York's road infrastructure! Save me from this carpetbagger who promotes a level playing field for education! Somebody beat my plowshare into a sword to defend against the lady who is working to craft legislation that will reduce automobile emissions, clean up the Great Lakes and the Adirondacks, increase federal funding to the Chautauqua Institute and the SUNY system, promote responsible development in green areas, and be more accessible to womens' groups and racial and religious minorities! This is a progressive-thinking lady who will make a fine fit for a progressive state such as New York. Remember, there have many carpetbaggers in our day who have represented the Empire State: Robert Kennedy (born in Massachusetts), even the esteemed Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the essence of all that is New York---and he was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. I grin with delight whenever I hear people moan and bitch about her because of Whitewater and Arkansas and the White House and whether or not she may be gay. First of all, Whitewater is none of my business. I wasn't there at the Rose Law Firm and neither were the other 248-odd million citizens of this nation. Michael Milken and Ivan Boesky were Wall street insiders who violated the rules of trade. Charles Keating was a major culprit and benefactor behind the S and L loan bailout. Funny, but we don't focus on what they've done. Hillary may have done a few shady dealings. She's an adult. She'll live with the consequences of whatever actions she may have done. Hillary is a strong, assertive woman who makes certain men and women mad because she doesn't act in a conventional manner the way a First Lady should and because, like it or not, she is a damn smart lady. Smarts and intelligence is a two-way streak in this society. If men can accomplish what Boesky, Keating, and Milken did, and make a lot of $$$$ in the process, then they are clever, ballsy, enterprising. But if a woman---such as Hillary---does the same thing, then she's a bitch, a sleaze, and any other derogatory noun that can be thought of. If Hillary is gay, and if her marraige to Billy-boy is one of convenience for power's sake, so what? That won't affect how much food on the table I have. That won't figure into my plans to go on a weekend trip with my wife. That won't dictate how much sleep I get at night or whether I grow cauliflower in my garden. I'm glad she chose New York to come to, and I truly feel she will make a fine senator. Hell, I voted for her. Any senatorial candidate who recognizes that Buffalo contains the most number of constituents after NYC and makes a concerted effort to visit the Queen City tells me she's smart and is doing her homework regarding the vast socio-economic spectrum that is New York. How often did Lazio do that? Did he even get off the L.I.E.? So, in conclusion, go get 'em, Hillary. Don't let guys like Lott, McConnell, Santorum and Dubya intimidate you.