Gerhard Schroder entered office in 1998 with promises that he would re-spark the German economy, but instead his labor and tax policies have only made matters worse. In 1997, when he was running for office, Schroder promised that his government would lower unemployment to 5 percent. It was seven percent at the time; former Chancellor Helmut Kohl and the Christian Democrats were kicked out of power. Now 7 years later, Schroder is having the same problems, with unemployment at nearly 12%. Economic stagflation has become so bad that in front of the Christian Democrats headquarters in Berlin, the party members have put up a sign updating people on the unemployment rate in the country, which only goes up everyday. To be fair, Germany would be having economic problems regardless of, for they are facing the same "demographic crunch" that many Western nations are facing, that is, as the workforce ages and retires, there aren't enough young people to replace them. As such, there is a lot of immigration coming in from the Arab world to replace these workers, but that has sparked racial tensions in the country that have not been seen since the 1930's under Nazi rule. Now take for instance the case of Bavaria, a province in Southern Germany where the Christian Democrats are still dominant. (By the way, the Christian Democrats in Germany are somewhat akin to the Republican Party in the United States). There, unemployment holds at 4 percent, about 6 percent less than the national average, they don't suffer from as heavy of a tax burden in this part of the country and industry is actually growing here faster than at the rate in the rest of Europe!! Germany currently has the lowest growth rate in all of Europe. Now of course, there have been problems with re-unifying Germany; the trouble with integration is that they are still having trouble because those areas were economically depressed and lacked the infrastructure that West Germany had. That explains part of the economic problems in Germany, but is certain does not explain it all. The cost of labor is too high in Germany, the tax burden needs to be reduced, and a more efficient social services system needs to be procured. Schroder has not going to life up to those standards. The example of Bavaria needs to be followed if Germany is going to get back up on its feet again. It looks like Schroder might end up staying in power after Sunday's elections after all. Many were anticipating a smashing victory for the Christian Democrats under Angela Merkel, but it actually turns out that the election was a virtual tie. Being that Germany has a parliamentary system that follows proportional representation, Merkel would have to partner up with one of Schroder's coalition partners in order to form a party. No one really wants to at this point, so it looks like there is going to be a grand coalition government with Schroder and Merkel sharing all the power. Whatever hopes for reforms that were in the horizon are now dashed, as Schroder is intent on keeping the status quo. To top it off, there is a lot of infighting within the CDU, with many blaming the electoral outcome on Merkel, who ran a weak and unenthusiastic campaign with bad personnel choices. It would have been better for US-German relations had Merkel come on, who would have strengthened trans-Atlantic ties. It probably would have also been better for European integration. One way or another, no party here got a solid mandate. 