2nd UPDATE: ED, fair enough, guilty on nearly all counts. I think our exchange would have been more appropriate (and less antagonistic) on a private message basis, but the site usually comes down to agreeing to disagree. I look forward to (inevitably) sparring again with you, on various topics, no doubt, which seem to present themselves from time to time. 'Til then . . . (and sorry about that mind to reason with crack. ) UPDATE (in a vain effort to chisel through edt4's brainwashed diatribe): Your points, while articulate, lack any empirical provability. How do you measure how moribund a country is? Gorbachev's prescience? The weight and narrowness of a country which causes it to topple over? Ethnic rivalries and their quiescence under the Soviet Union? The predominance of born again zealots and bigots currently transforming our secular society? Look, your conclusions are all straight out of the liberal play book. I don't disrespect your opinions, I just think they (and you) are wrong. I don't claim to be a scholar of history, I lived it, and my statements are based on my recollections of the time and the subsequent analyses. Does the fact that Lech Walesa began his Solidarity movement (not anti-government activity)during the Carter Administration, accord credit for the movement to Carter's Administration? Look up and see to whom Walesa accords greater credit (as opposed to none) for the fall of the Soviet Union. And next time you take me on, bring a mind to reason with. ORIGINAL COMMENT 3/10/05: Dear Lord, you gave them eyes, but they will not see. At a time when President Jimmy Carter was ready to surrender military superiority to the Soviet Union, this man stepped forward and changed the world. Open a friggin' history book, you morons! Or, maybe, turn off CNN for 5 minutes. Ask Lech Walesa (any idea who he is?) who brought down the Soviet Union! Ask Moammar Ghaddafi. Ask Gorbachev! Ask anyone who served in the armed forces in the 1970's or 1980's. Hate him all you want but spare me the cheap shots about his Alzheimer's and his diapers and what an idiot he was, you lightweight students of political history.