Children are taught from a very young age that Lincoln was The Great Emancipator- that he freed the slaves. In fact, as most others have pointed out, Lincoln did not free the slaves. The Emancipation Proclamation was merely signed for strategic purposes, and it allowed slavery to continue in the border states. Even during the 1860 campaign, Lincoln insisted that he had no intention of ending slavery in the South, but was not willing to permit its expansion into new territories. Lincoln even privately supported a Constitutional amendment that would've protected the institution of slavery in the states that it existed in. It is time to end the myth that Lincoln was a great friend to the slaves--- while he may have been more tolerant of African Americans than most, he still thought of them as inferior. Only when he saw that the Union was losing did he permit ex-slaves to join the Army, and he refused to give them full compensation for their service. It is clear that Lincoln sought a peaceful solution to the growing divisions that plagued our country as he took the Oath of Office. However, by this time, a peaceful solution was impossible. Civil War had already broken out in Kansas, where hundreds had been killed. Following Lincoln's election, seven states seceded and formed the Confederate States of America. Several more followed suit. The Confederates justified their secession as an act to preserve their freedom and interests. Lincoln insisted that the Union be preserved. Lincoln was still hopeful that a peaceful solution could be agreed upon, but at the same time, he instituted a massive buildup of troops in the event of a war. He made it very clear that he was willing to go to war to preserve the Union. Meanwhile, in April of 1861, Lincoln ordered several ships carry supplies of a non-military nature to go to Fort Sumter. This was in no way a provocation. Lincoln even sent Jefferson Davis a message assuring him that this was not a military attack on the Confederacy, and that he still desired for peace. Despite this, the South attacked Fort Sumter, and the Civil War began. Contrary to popular belief, the Confederacy fired the first shot, and it is very debateable that their attack on Fort Sumter was justified. Lincoln took an active role in the execution of the war. Lincoln accepted the Anaconda strategy, which called for the encirclement of the Confederacy by securing the border states. To do this, Lincoln ensured the border states that he had no intention of restricting their rights to practice slavery. He also gave the go-ahead for a military plan to split the Confederacy in two at the Mississippi River. In 1862, he ordered the Union Generals to invade the Confederacy if necessary. Meanwhile, Lincoln himself had a difficult time finding competent Generals to run the war. He surprisingly fired General McClellan after he defeated the Confederacy at Antietam. Lincoln was angry that McClellan allowed the South to retreat and did not pursue them. He replaced McClellan with Ulysess S. Grant, whom Lincoln credited with turning the tide of the war. Meanwhile, Lincoln introduced a moderate Reconstruction Plan that proved that he still considered southerners to be his countrymen. It is quite clear that Lincoln's wartime management was first class. He took a very active role in the execution of the war, and visited troops quite frequently to offer them moral support. However, allegations of Lincoln's overstepping his Constitutional authority are not without merit. He jailed those who spoke out during the war, thus setting the precedent for future Presidents who justified disregarding Constitutional rights during wartime. He threatened to jail the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court because he disagreed with him. Clearly, in overstepping his Constitutional boundaries, Lincoln set a horrible precedent that was later followed by Presidents Wilson and Roosevelt during both World Wars. Despite this, no one can deny that Lincoln was a strong leader, and without him, the Union would not have been preserved. I disagree with those who claim that slavery would've been abolished peacefully. The southern economy was just too dependent on the institution to give it up without a fight. The bloodshed in Kansas proves this. The federal government attempted to leave the issue of slavery up to the local government. This lead to Civil War in Kansas. Regardless of Lincoln's motives for going to war, it is clear that in the end, the Union was preserved, and the slaves were free. Like all leaders, Lincoln made mistakes and stepped over the line one too many times, but he lead effectively during the most difficult time in our nation's history.