Come, let us reason together... :-) Clinton, stripped of his human failings, was an exemplary President who challenged the status quo of racism and inequality. But no matter, we must be concerned at this juncture in time-- While the corporate media is heaping a disproportionate share of scandals onto Clinton, our democracy is in serious jeopardy. In the previous election, the Republicans stole the election with a number of illegal tactics, such as ignoring Florida ballots containing marks on the 'write-in' candidate section. Some praise Reagan for turning the economy around and halting the Cold War--I'm afraid those are not in possession of all the facts. First of all, both Carter and Bush Sr. were evicted for recessions they did not cause. It is the chairman of the federal reserve that determines interest rates, thus determining inflation rates and unemployment rates. The chairman of the federal reserve eliminated the recession of the early 1980s, not Ronald Reagan. And Reagan's supply-side economics did NOT aid the economy--it funneled money upward, concentrating 42% of the nation's wealth in the top percent's hands by 1992. (In 1975, the top percent controlled 22% of the wealth.) And as for the Cold War, it would have ended even if Mr. Potato Head had been President. Clinton produced the largest budget surplus in history, sought equal protection in the workplace, placed federal restrictions against deforestation (orders currently on hold thanks to the second Bush), and he would have continued to block drilling in the Arctic Refuge (an idea denounced by top notch environmentalistts as well as geologists.) Nevertheless, we must be wary of what is happening. Political parties don't matter in a crisis such as this--our democracy is in danger, and whether you are a Republican, a Democrat, a Libertarian, a Reformist, Zoroastrianist, whatever--you probably should be a little concerned about what is happening. And as for a mandate where Bush is concerned, let's examine the mandate of Clinton--one I've found to be in question on this site. Bill Clinton received 42% of the vote in 1992, the rest fairly evenly split between Perot and Bush. Perot's results were not unexpected, since it stands to reason that the candidates who receive the most votes are those who receive the most visibility (and billions of dollars go a long way in making one visible.) Extrapolated out, Clinton received at least 30% more votes than the nearest candidate. And I feel I must correct an error I've seen floating about on this website--the Chinagate scandal is NOT Clintonian. The corporate media sloppily reported the story when it broke in 1995, leading the public to believe that Clinton leaked nuclear secrets to the Chinese. But had the media given ALL of the story the same lime-light that they gave the first portion, the American public would know that the leak of information occurred between 1986 and 1988--during the Reagan years! In fact, the Chinese TESTED their warhead in 1992, before Clinton ever even took office! The media failed to point out that it was impossible for Clinton to give secrets to the Chinese--it was a Reagan scandal waiting to happen, not a Clintonian one. Yet some of our people believe otherwise... In conclusion, Bill Clinton's only real error in the Presidency, one for which he could be held accountable, is not pushing the left agenda enough. And we all know why--the might moralists Bob Barr (who was pictured in a 1992 fundraiser licking whipped cream off of the breasts of two women), Arlen Specter (who also received campaign contributions from Denise Rich), Richard Mellon Scaife (who funneled millions of dollars trying to hang Clinton), Dan Burton (Clinton's archnemesis, it would seem, who refused to open library donor lists for Reagan and Bush despite the fact they pardoned some pretty unscrupulous people), and Kenneth Starr (well, what needs to be said? He was on the payroll of many of Scaife's right wing foundations) vehemently tried to 'get Clinton,' banking on the notion that the corporate media holds most people's opinions in the palms of its greedy grubby little hands. And judging by a few of these profiles, I'd say the corporate media controls some folks' thinking here in America. And as for Clinton, I can't help but ponder the great things he could have done without the corporate media and the right wingers trying to nail him with scandals all of which he was acquitted. In fifty years, historians will revere him as the first President in nearly two decades who attempted, somewhat successfully/somewhat unsuccessfully to resurrect liberalism, a philosophy to which our great nation owes a great portion of out its success. Thanks for reading, and God bless! Neil8 (neil@cooke.net) 