As a native Texan, I'm afraid that I am all too aware of the failings of GW Bush, but that's another story. I first voted for Al Gore in the 1988 primary. I liked how he was informed and prepared and it seemed at the time that we needed some new blood to lead this country. Now in 2000, Gore is even more prepared, informed and knowledgeable to take up the most powerful job in the World. Compare his experience with his opponents. Will he be beholdened to those big business special interests? The oil, tobacco, pharmaceutical and health insurance organizations. Remember when the great debate in 93 about reorganizing health care in the country out came all these adds attacking and opposing any change? The next year these same adds came out advertizing this HMO or this PPO. These special interest groups have a vice grip on the election proccess. Which Candidate wants to reform campaign finance to eliminate this? Not GW Bush! No, Al Gore will be a President for all the people regardless of how much money was contributed. Why has the press given GW Bush a pass on his indiscretions and attacked Al Gore with a vengeance? GW Bush's record as governor in Texas has not been favorable to all Texans. He has rewarded less than capable Republicans with jobs that have resulted in less than adequate sevices for Texans. This will be GW Bush's secondary objective to reward his loyal buddies if elected. GW's first priority will be to return money to his millionaire friends and rely on trickle down economics of the Reagan years. Remember where that got us? Gore wants to pay down the deficit, which interest costs you and me and our grandkids more than any tax refund GW will give you. GW Bush says he will unite both parties in the Congress and the Senate is quite amusing. Capitol Hill is not in Austin, Texas meeting once every two years. In the last debate GW Bush said that we had a Patients Bill of rights in Texas. Well we do despite Governor Bush. He vetoed the first Bill. Worked against the Republicans with the second and refused to sign it, and it became law without his signature. A uniter with Rsults? I don't think so. No, if you look strictly at the issues, examine the facts in the debate, get over the failed rhetoric of the Republicans, the vote has to go to Al Gore for the good of all the people of the United States.