Some other people's comments are just ignorant of history. For instance, the comment that he didn't drop the bomb on Germany because they were white people shows no grasp of history. Germany had already surrendured by the time the bomb was ready and Japan was still fighting on, causing more deaths. Though the bomb was certainly a controversial part of his presidency (especially later), it was not a decision that was made lightly. Since the Japanese refused to surrendur (rather die taking as many US soldiers with them as had been already demonstrated in places like Iwo Jima), it looked as though the US would have hundreds of thousands of casualties or more if they tried to invade the Japanese homeland. The bomb was fairly uncertain since it was a new technology and he was advised by many that it would be 20,000 Japanese deaths in the center of the city that produced war materials. Obviously, it turned out to be more destructive than that, but how many people would have been killed invading Japan (people thought many hundreds of thousands) because of their refusal to surrendur? Also, any invasion of Japan would have probably involved the Soviet Union and would have ended up with Japan being chopped up into pieces much like Germany and Eastern Europe were. As others have mentioned, Truman was very interested in being sure that another war did not happen because of harsh oppression of the losers of the war as had happened after World War I (which he fought in). The conditions after WWI really set an atmosphere in which fanatics such as Hitler could come to power because of the desperation and conditions of the people. Because of this attitude came some remarkable things such as the Marshall plan which actually helped rebuild Germany and Japan to help heal the wounds of the war. The people who say things in their comments about Truman being a bully or only being concerned about getting even really don't know much about him or his presidency. Truman was also one of the first presidents to put forth some civil rights changes. He did so because he felt it was the right thing, and many at that time disagreed because of the nature of the times. Though he's not the best president of all time, he's certainly one of the better presidents. Of surveys of historians since 1962, he's been fairly consistently ranked in the top 10. 