Reagan was superb President and most of the comments about the deficit are sheer stupidity when examined in the light of the post cold war economic boom but I am more curious about the comments from many of his obvious enemies about his responsibility for AIDS. Lets me see Reagan s core domestic policy was expanding the health, wealth and happiness of individuals by supporting, rewarding and protecting personal responsibility. The core constituencies that were afflicted with terrible disease in the 1980 s in the US were Male Homosexuals who engage in sodomy and IV drug users who utilize dirty needles. These individuals are clearly personally responsible for their own deaths and the spread of AIDS and certainly not any government official. HIV is a retrovirus (a very primitive virus) that theoretically attacks the autoimmune system and medical science has not and probably will never cure any disease that is a virus in a person with a compromised immune system. A vaccine presupposes introducing weaken strains of Virus to elicit an immune reaction and build antibodies to combat future infections. They might someday be a vaccine but all current effort have failed in spite of spending more money on AIDS research than any other disease in Human history and yet it is actually the incontinent, irresponsible behavior that facilitates the transmission of the infection not government spending. So Reagan is responsible? Here is a clue, Homosexuals, IV drug users and licentious sexual behavior in the third world are responsible for AIDS and not a Man who had more important things to do as a President than to find a cure for a disease that is the result of deviant behavior that could be easily solved by Monogamy (between a Man and a Woman), pre-marital chastity and Sobriety. We should put an end to leftist fantasies about the Contras and Sandinista government in Nicaragua as well. Since the return to democracy the Sandinistas have never come close to being returned to power in spite of the best efforts of James Earl Carter. The region and the indigenous peoples are no longer threatened by their aggressive incursions and murderous rapacious habits. His daughters have charged the morale paragon and supreme leader Daniel Ortega with raping and molesting them at a very early age. The Boland amendment that is at the crux of the illegality of funding the Contras was an illegal congressional interference with the executive branch's responsibility for foreign policy and an unconstitutional non-binding amendment. 