Yes, a controverisial figure. However, he was largely crucified by the media. Let's look at the good things he did. As a president, he was one of our most important and our greatest presidents regarding foreign policy. He craftily maneuvered us to the end of the Vietnam (caused by the great Kennedy and his crony LBJ) with diplomatic brilliance that left the war unwon or unlost--remember, the Vietnam War (if you do think it was lost) was done so during Ford's tenure, NOT NIXON'S. Many believe (including me) that if Nixon had been in power with his internationally-known toughness that South Vietnam would not have been lost at all. Nixon was powerful, Ford was weak. Americans can't see the difference but Communists with their sense of might and expansion (see G. F. Keenan's containment policy) can. Anyway, he also proved to make important steps in disarmament by tactily and brilliantly playing China and Russia off each other on the international stage to America's benefit. Also, must great legislation was passed by him regarding environmental safety, the modern system of affirmative action (African-Americans take note: Johnson was not the father of modern affirmative action, Nixon was--you owe him), and so on, and so on... His presidency is largely blurred by Watergate. But let's at least get one thing straight (a common misconception)--NIXON WAS NOT INVOLVED WITH WATERGATE! He did not command the raid, know of the raid, approve of the raid, or anything... Such was done by CORE--a radical elect-Nixon grouping of right-wing wierdos. Nixon got in trouble for protecting these people and refusing to incriminate them--much like Bill Clinton refusing to answer certain questions in his testimonies. Nixon's crime was being too loyal to his friends--which has a good and bad ring to it all at once. Today his reputation is being fairly (and finally) restored. His accepted defeat in the (probably) stolen and (definitely) controversial election of 1960 was done with much grace--not with the let's recount these ballots of this past election. Keep it up, Dicky.