It's hard to know where to begin discussing such a titanic figure of the 20th century, especially one as quirky as FDR. The man was extraordinarily gifted, deceivingly intelligent, and a little bizarre. Not to mention his unique relationship with Eleanor, who was a piece of work herself. First of all, I don't claim to understand economics well enough to take a position on the argument over the New Deal. Was it enough to end the Depression, with or without World War 2? I don't know. But I do know that in the early 30s FDR stepped into a leadership vacuum and gave the country a vision they could embrace. I feel more comfortable passing judgment on FDR's war-time leadership. One of his main gifts was an uncanny ability to sense the mood of the country. He wanted to help England before December 1941, but he knew the country wasn't ready. So he pursued a course designed to gradually increase our involvement until an event of sufficient significance would push the country over the edge. Pearl Harbor was more than enough. And even before the U.S. entered the war, FDR layed the foundation for the arsenal of democracy. I admire FDR's military leadership, but more than that I admire his ability to mold the unions, the economy, and the business leaders into the unfathomably complex machine required to produce war materials for all the Allied countries. And, like Churchill, FDR knew how to use the radio. His fireside chats seem to have been exactly what the country needed. I've read that before one fireside chat, he asked people to buy world maps so he could show them the places he was going to talk about. (Stores all over the country sold out of maps right away.) What a great touch. I can picture all those American families gathered around the radio, maps in front of them, listening to FDR's confident voice explain why we were in the war and what we planned to do to win it. At the same time, I'll never understand why FDR, who knew in 1944 that his health was failing fast, didn't do a better job of preparing Truman. Truman was a new VP and almost completely out of the loop when it came to managing the war. So when FDR died, Truman had to start from scratch, at a critical juncture in negotiations with Stalin. Still, FDR's achievements far outweigh his mistakes. As a side note, can you imagine sitting around a table with Stalin, Churchill, and FDR, discussing the shape of the post-World War 2 world? Unbelievable. What an amazing time in history.