A mixed bag. King of the wheeler-deelers while in the Senate, but watered himself down when he attempted to be all things to all people when he became Chief Executive. Johnson accomplished more for the sake of civil rights than any President since Lincoln, and for this he should be highly respected. His Great Society programs, although flawed at times, displayed vision, proactive thinking, compassion and reasonableness, which is considerably more positive, intelligent and responsible than what the current administration affords. He did screw up in Viet Nam, but this is owing to three factors beyond his control: (1) he inherited a very suspect military misadventure initiated by that senile old idiot Eisenhower that Kennedy attempted, much to the disfavor of rightwingers and WWII generation hawk pinheads, to curtail; (2) he was ill-advised by that amalgam of yahoos, incompetants, punks and sabre-rattlers known as The Pentagon High Command in regard to the Gulf of Tonkin incident, the hinge event that escalated the war; and (3) he was under considerable pressure by the military-industrial complex to champion the war, the conventional wisdom being that such an initiative would be good for the economy (a sad joke), and from jingoistic Cold Warriors who bought into the domino effect myth/nonsense lock, stock and barrel. Johnson was also prescient in regard to environmental matters long before the Green movement experienced its first stirrings, and was the last President to preside over an American economy that was sound, undeniably healthy and in true expansion. He was also savvy enough politically to understand when he had stayed too long at the fair, and I remember the shock of the American people, despite LBJ's flagging popularity in 1967, when he announced that he would not run for re-election. If only half of the do-nothing, ineffectual deadwood freeloaders currently in Washington would get the message in a similiar fashion and get out gracefully, instead of dragging their feet and continuing to be a part of the problem rather than an agent of solution, we'd all be much better off. But don't hold your breath. What is remarkable about the response of posters on this site to LBJ's record and legacy is their alarming lack of knowledge and understanding about this President, his achievements and failures, the time in which he served, the civil rights saga of the 1960s and that rightwing initiated and sponsored debacle in Viet Nam. They should go back to school and learn a little something about this not-to-distant period in American history. Or at least pick up a book and educate themselves about this, if they have that ability, which I doubt. Yet these posters think they've got it right, which is pretty pathetic.