I love reading stuff here like, he should be impeached, or he's the worst president ever (some of the kinder stuff, anyway). But let's look at the facts (yes, they do matter). How quickly we forget that he inherited a White House that was defiled by his predecessor. In spite of the fact that 9/11, the worst act of war on American soil, happened only 8 months into his first term, he managed to not only keep the morale and economy of this country upright, but steady. Since then, he has dealt with more disasters than any other president in history. As I've stated before, it is too soon for any of you to predict what the outcome of the Middle Eastern conflict will be, but go ahead, freedom of speech runs rampant here on RIA, opine away. Nevertheless, be aware that to a large degree, the whole thing unveiled much unscrupulous behavior in Iran, a place I am frankly more afraid of than Iraq. He has had to help bring the economy back from an enexpected stock market crash. He has dealt with two deadly, destructive hurricanes which are somewhat responsible for the oil crisis we now face. And now we are looking at that bird flu pandemic. I don't know about you, but the last office I'd like to hold right now is President of the United States! I love reading all the nasty comments here about Dubya. You really can't back up your allegations with fact, but you sure love to hit and run. This hatred of President Bush is way more interesting to me than the facts behind his Presidency. Some of you might not remember that President Reagan was villified during his entire eight years. And yet, today, you'd think he was one of the greatest Presidents ever. I think the underlying psychology of this mostly unwarranted hatred is actually worthy of research! Is it because he refuses to do his job in front of the press like Clinton did? Is it because he is a "conservative" Christian? Is it because you think he is stupid (in actuality, Gore was much dumber than Bush, if you looked at their records)? Is it because you think serving in the National Guard isn't worthy of respectful military service? Is it because you think he lied about why we entered the war on terrorism? You certainly can't hate him because, as some of you assert here, the economy is worse today than it was during Clinton's presidency. The facts do not support that assertion. Go ahead, look them up - they don't. Are you worried about the environment? He has not, in any way, taken down the wilderness of the US. He hasn't destroyed ANWAR as was predicted by many hyterical environmentalists. One can even make the case that he is too compassionate in that he refuses to close the borders between Mexico and the US, much to the anger of people across the political spectrum. Is it because, in picking Supreme Court members, he has managed to tick off both sides of the aisle, so important to him was this task? Are you worse off today than you were five years ago? You still have abortion on demand - you all predicted that would go away if, oh woe is me, Bush became President! The fact is, I don't believe there is anything this man can do to make you people happy. I think you hate him, just because you hate him. I don't happen to hate him. I have respect for him. I respect my country and would like the world to respect my country as well. I keep wondering which came first, the world's hatred of the US, or our own hatred of the US and its President. Again, pessimism does nothing but breed negative results. Now, we are living with those results, not just on a national basis, but on a world-wide basis. I suspect a lot of you won't be happy until we are on the level of a developing country, sitting inside our houses, biting our fingernails with anxiety that we'll never have "peace," whatever that means. Again, I prefer to keep an optimistic, positive attitude and will rely on statistics which do not support that pessimistic stance. Cognitive bahavioral therapy teaches that we are what we think. I just wish more of us would think more positively and less hatefully.