First of all, so far as I can see you are all uninformed and ignorant. And easily mislead and brainwashed. Smells of republican type attitude here. I am from South Dakota and Thune is a sellout. Worthless as can be. Tom has helped RURAL americans VERY MUCH. As well as seniors. The republicans tried to line their own pockets with the medicare reform and the ones that got hurt were the seniors. I understand that urban dwellers think that they are better than the rest of the country, but perhaps then you need to start growing your own food for your pantry shelves and freezers? It is apparent that none of you truly knows and understands any of the issues. You just like to hear yourself yammer with hot air and arrogant attitudes. Thune has his head up Bush's ass so far I think he might suffocate. And the only reason he won was because there was a presidential election and more republicans came out to vote that normally would not have. In addition to the horrible tactics of using the churches and telling the members that they are committing a sin to vote for a democrat because they are pro - life. So stupid. Whoever thinks that pro-life - pro-abortion has completely missed the picture of what the constitution means. I hope you all get what you are so dearly hoping for. A disaster. Another 79 billion for skirmish in Iraq??? 2 TRILLION dollors to change social security so that the irresponsible can file for bankruptcy anyway and then when the big whiners retire we have to support them on welfare???? This administration is such a joke that even Powell and Rice want the hell out. What does that say? By the way, I actually live in the state of SD AND am retired military. Which of you can claim that??? So what gives you the right to pass judgment on a person you have never even met??? Lovely things your churches teach you. I hope that you enjoy your misinformed rah rah session, I will not be back to see it. I prefer to converse with intelligent beings. I had the misfortune of stumbling across this lamer than lame thread and and disgusted and appalled. Please do not move to SD - we have recently discovered that we already have an abundance of morons here.