Time has passed since Clinton's Presidency and I think that we can offer a fair historical analysis of his time in office. Obviously, what he is remembered most for is the cornucopia of scandals which riddled his presidency. Granted, there was a right-wing conspiracy that was after him, but these people did have a point. Clinton abused power, but not in the same way that Nixon did where his goals laid in strengthening the office of the president. Clinton was simply reckless and greedy. We all know the scandals he was involved in, so there's no point in reviewing the history. Whitewater was all about greed and all of his sex scandals represented his lack of self-control. I believe that the president's sex life is none of our business, but in the age of sexual harassment lawsuits, you have to be very careful. It showed Clinton's utter recklessness; what he put the country through was bad and that showed his lack of character. Everything that he did was for his own personal short term gain, even in foreign policy. Speaking of politics...Clinton concerned himself primarily with domestic politics; a president will never be remembered for his accomplishments on the domestic front for the simple reason that these issues are fleeting and Congress controls these issues at any rate. When Clinton first came to office in 1993, he brought with him the biggest set of dilettantes that I have ever seen. Almost all of the people he brought in had no managerial experience. The first two years was one policy disaster after another. He really had trouble establishing himself in Washington. Usually the first three months set the tone for the president. Clinton did not have a good first two years. I think that the reason why he didn't do well his first two years was that he overestimated his political mandate. He was elected with 43% of the vote; he didn't quite get a majority of the peoples trust. Clinton struck to his political left from the beginning by introducing a national health care plan without Congresses approval, a big mistake that cost him a lot of political capital and made him a lot of enemies. Most of his presidency as a matter of fact was concerned with trivial domestic issues that no one remembers nor cares about. He gets credit for managing the good economy throughout the '90's, but usually the president doesn't have much to do with the economy in the first place. Clinton gets a lot of credit for having a competent economic team under Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and Fed Chair Alan Greenspan. On foreign policy, Clinton didn't have a clue. I believe that he couldn't grasp what our role in the post-Cold War world should be; he had no sense of history. Understandably, it was a difficult task, but his foreign policy was very scattered. Yes, lets use force in Kosovo, but how about in Rwanda? Clinton never set up a criteria for intervening in other countries. This kind of foreign policy breeds mistrust among the nations of the world. To them, we are the giant hegemon who uses power indiscriminately. I didn't disagree with Clinton's efforts in the Balkans, but his reasoning was faulty because he failed to connect Serbian President Milosevic with other human rights violators like Saddam Hussein who were a security threat. American foreign policy in the post-Cold War world should emphasize the link between liberal human rights and realist power politics. They are both connected to one another. At the end of the day, Clinton failed to come up with a broad, cohesive foreign policy that would define what America's long term interests are. U.S. policy in Russia was disasterous, Clinton didn't quite know how to handle Yeltsin, whose liberalization policies have led Russia to become the new wild west; all what we need now is the cowboys. In the Middle East, Clinton's meddling with the Palestinian-Israeli peace process in September of 2000 exacerbated an already tense situation in the Middle East. Overall, he failed to acknowledge the new issues of 3rd World development and how they will play a greater role in the 21st Century. 80% of the world's population live in the Global South, they are of consequence; disease, poverty and terrorism have their roots in this. On the bright side, he didn't make any big mistakes, which was good. The problem was that he didn't have a set of goals, foreign policy was done apropos. Overall, the record will show that Clinton's term was a wasted eight years. Yes, they were prosperous, but we didn't take the time to set America's role in the new world order and as a result, we lost a lot of the political momentum we had going with us in the days after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.