Sen. McCain, in my opinion, would have easily won the Presidency. He is one of the few politicians that seems to be motivated by issues and what he believes would be best for our nation, not money and power. The nominees for both parties were chosen by less than 1/3 of American voters which shows a problem with the process. His candidacy was fighting an uphill battle against the party organization and special interest groups of the GOP. One example, the Christian Coalition, which would have had their money and power diminished by campaign finance reform, had given him a 95% approval rating the year before he entered the race. How interesting that the televangelist connected to this organization would lie concerning the Senator's voting record and his mental stability after the Senator declared his candidacy. Perhaps to protect his own self-interest. These self-appointed Christian leaders have been collecting millions from good Christian people, much of it used to support their lavish lifestyles, not further the concerns of their members as they would have people believe. Although Senator McCain was, in fact a POW, anytime that it was brought up to him he posed the question, How much of a hero does one have to be to get shot down? Although he wrote a book concerning his life experiences, it was others who spoke of this during the campaign, not the Senator...Yes, the press liked John McCain, merely because of the fact that he allowed them total access, which candidates rarely do. It wasn't because he was a closet liberal or any of the other reasons that were used against him. Although I understand that he is a politician and has to play politics he is truly bipartisan, voting his beliefs and not party lines. After the election he had no reason to come clean about his pandering comments concerning the flag issue in SC, but he did...which is more than I can say about his opponent. My family of moderate Republicans consider him our President even without the title. Good to see that he has come out of all of this on top though...it is reported that he will have more power than whomever gets the Presidency, more clout than anyone else in the Senate this year. Perhaps the issues that he feels so strongly about will have a chance. By the way for opponents of campaign finance reform, money does not equal freedom of speech. When the voice of someone with vast amounts of money to give to a political campaign is in the front row and the seat for someone with little money to give is in the back row, is that not an infringement on the rights of the citizen in the back row? There are those that will stop at nothing to protect their gravy train and those are the ones that came out the strongest against Sen. McCain. Strongly support another run in 2004. 