A five-star great rating for one of the greatest Americans and human beings of the 20th and 21st Centuries. Here is a copy of the e-mail I sent to the Rainbow Coalition in response to the recent revelations about Rev. Jackson's private life. My heart and my prayers go out to Reverend Jackson and his family, including his young daughter and her mother. The disappointment I feel is directed more toward the political system which has saddled us with President-select George W. Bush, and which has disenfranchised hundreds of thousands of Americans from all racial and religious backgrounds. Included in this system are the cowardly, backstabbing Democratic senators and other leaders, including Vice President Al Gore, who refused to stand up for the voters of Florida and for the majority of American voters, and who left the Congressional Black Caucus standing proudly but sadly alone. So many times, I have seen in my lifetime, Rev. Jackson has similarly been left in the lurch by his erstwhile liberal allies, but has always maintained the integrity of his political, social, moral and religious views. I only wish it had been Jesse, and not Al Gore, who was battling for the votes of this country's electorate last November. As I have pointed out to friends and co-workers, without making any excuses for Rev. Jackson, I feel that the timing of this revelation was deliberately selected in an attempt to eliminate his voice of dissent during the coronation on January 20. His sin is one which has been shared, in most cases under much graver circumstances, by Kings David and Solomon, Mary Magdalene, St. Augustine, Franklin D. Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, Martin Luther King Jr., and President Clinton, as well as lesser lights such as former conservative icon Newt Gingrich. We have all been weighed in the balance, and been found wanting. As a progressive, Biblically-grounded, baptized Christian and a proud, unrepentant radical socialist, I know that God's blessings will continue to shower down on one of our generation's most powerful champions of the oppressed. Rev. Jackson has repented and honorably assumed responsibility for his actions and for his child, and I hope he will still be speaking out strongly this weekend against the Ashcroft nomination and the Florida Republican Mafia/Supreme Court-orchestrated coup d' tat. My personal response to this news has been to log on to the Rainbow Coalition website and become a $100 contributing member. I would appreciate it if your organization could forward to me a regular mailing and e-mail address for Rev. Jackson, so that I may contact him to personally assure him of my continued support and prayers. Thank you, and God bless. 