*** Get your facts straight. The president who was in charge when we (1) weren't attacked on a grand scale domestically (unless you count Timothy McVeigh?) Perhaps the USS Cole and The ORIGINAL Trade Center attack are just a myth. Just to name a few well known attacks. Also, Clinton was a laughing stock around the world. Liked as a politician but viewed as a man with no character. Bush is also very well liked in many countries. *** ** Many think my dislike for Clinton and liberals means I am a conservative. I am not. I have never chosen to vote in those primaries where you select a side. I am not heavy into politics as it is. I am an average guy. I expect more than what Clinton gave. Clinton was a complete embarrassment and disaster. Perhaps now, with the devestating and COMPLETE defeat of the democratic party in 2004, they will realize that people are turned off by democrats. The average american does not TRUST them. They blindly support anyone who is liberal. I am an average guy and don't stand up and rave on Bush. In fact, I don't feel he is all that great a president. But I don't trust Kerry and probably won't trust any democratic candidate for president for a LONG time. Clinton was bad enough but the way he was supported till the death spoke volumes about what liberals REALLY care about. Clinton was only the beginning of democratic problems. The 2004 wood shed beating is something to learn from. I doubt most will get a clue and realize broad appeal has been lost. Blame Clinton. Blame the desire to divide and label. Those are Clintons legacy. Liberals can continue to be divisive and label or they can reform and move towards the center. Move towards using common sense. Bash me as a conservative all you want. I am not one. I am a dumb white guy but I have always been smart enough to see that Clinton brought the democratic party to the brink of ruin. Now it is spiralling into the abyss. Change before you hit bottom. ** * Clinton had as much to do with a good economy while president as I did. Clinton had no foreign policy. Other leaders liked him because they were interested to know how they TOO could bag shamus without repercussions. There is something to be said for having a president who isn't a sexual predator. * Clinton was a dirtbag. No one can take seriously a reviewer who rates female celebrities on the MILF scale.