Great President. He gets stuff done and that makes a lot of people mad. That's what makes a great president, one who steps on a few toes to get things done. You never see Democrats get anything done. Look at history. The only great Democrat was Kennedy and his brother Ed is just a sick joke to me. Look at all the other democratic presidents, they just hung out and enjoyed being in office, especially good old Billy Bob Clinton...... just ask Monica. Too bad presidents can't run for a third term, Bush would have my vote. That's my opinion though and it will never be changed. Ever!! ===)))MESSAGE TO PD===)))...This will never pass, its only getting better and here is why, this is a passage I wrote explaining why liberals are failing....I am proud to be a Republican. Its got to be shamful to be a Democrat. Look at the ranks of Dems. Nanci Pelosi (psyco nutjob who is huge on pork barrel spending), Grey Davis (put California in even deeper dept by 8 billion dollars) Michael Moore (do I really need to comment here) Edward Kennedy (a disgusting liberal whos mindset is still in the good old 1960's, a sick joke of a politician) Hillary Clinton (she sucks as a senator with her approval rating dropping dramatically) Al Franken (a retarded, fowl mouthed liberal who has no concept for reality or common sense. I have heard his radio show and its going down the tubes. Air America is finding it to be very difficult to get sponsors for the show because of their ridiculous views. Al Franken makes Howard Stern look like a gentleman). And Good old Billy Bob Clinton...I absolutly hate Clinton. I was in the military during his dictatorship and he reduced our pay and benifits. I was a Democrat until he came along. Now I am all about Republicans. Republicans take care of the troops. The economy was only great because of Reganomics and had nothing to do with Clinton. He was president during the dot com boom in the early 90's and had nothing to do with Clinton. Clinton just happend to be president when the economy was good. He is in no way responsible for the good economy of the times, just plain lucky. That's a fact, you can research this and find the truth. Clinton in my opinion is the reason for Sept 11th. He did not take Bin Laden when he was offered him by Sudan. Clinton was bad for the country. He was an embarrasment to all Americans. He could not even keep it in his pants. But that's just my opinion and it will never change. With that being said, the few listed above are just a tiny portion of so called Democrates that I would be ashamed to affiliate myself with. But thats just me. If you noticed that most criminals, illiegal immigrants, poor stricken welfare cases and drug addicts are mostly Democrats. That is because the Democrats say that it's not their fault that they are the United States failures and its societies fault that they are the way they are. I am proud to be a Republican. I could care less if you bubble in that this comment was not helpful bubble, you obviously feel bad that I am right and you are wrong. Have a great life. ===)))ANOTHER MESSAGE TO PD===))), these are the people who you choose to affiliate yourself with? Man you got a lot of pride. Yes you have to step on toes to get stuff done. Thats what the Dems have done for as long as we know. Thats why things are so screwed up with crime, illegal immigration and welfare. But god forbid anyone be responsible for their own actions. This is the motto of Dems and liberals. Make sure you know something about history before you blindly make a remark about something you obviously know nothing about. The last three out of four presidents have been Republican as well as 57% of all the Presidents were Republican. As only a mere 32% were Democrats the rest were smaller parties. This is a historical fact. So no PD, this will not soon pass because history repeats itself and that is a fact. I would much rather be a Bushie than a Hill Billy Have a great life. 