Harry Truman entered office under the most tense circumstances of any President since Andrew Johnson. Although the war in Europe had been won, war continued to rage in the Pacific. Upon assuming office, Truman was faced with a decision that he would spend his lifetime defending- whether or not to use the atomic bomb on Japan. He finally authorized the plan, and the bomb was dropped on two Japanese cities, killing 100,000 people. In my opinion, Truman made the right decision. There was absolutely no end in sight to the war in the Pacific, and thousands, and perhaps millions more lives would've been lost had it continued. In addition, the only other alternative was to invade Japan, and that would've cost the lives of thousands of American soldiers, and there would be no guarantee of American victory. There is no doubt that dropping the bomb was a difficult decision to make, but Truman did what he thought to be right, and I believe that, despite the tragic destruction it caused, dropping the bomb actually saved lives in the long-run. With the war over, Truman still had little time to embrace, as another struggle was evolving. It was clear even before the war ended that the Soviets intended to assert their dominance in Europe and elsewhere. While many are quick to blame Truman for the Cold War, the struggle actually began with the concessions that Roosevelt made to Stalin at Yalta. Unlike his predacessor, Truman quickly realized that the Soviets had no intention of sharing power with the United States--- they intended to embark on a road towards world domination. As the Soviets attempted to assert their military influence in the Mediterranean, Truman got the Congress to provide for $400 million in emergency aid for Turkey and Greece in order to defend against Communist threats. Furthermore, Truman met the demands of post-war Europe by approving the Marshall Plan, a $13 billion aid package that would help rebuild democracy in war-torn Europe. Truman was also successful in getting the Soviets to back down in Berlin. To meet the new conditions of the world, Truman restructured America's military system, creating the Department of Defense, the CIA and the National Security Agency. Furthermore, in signing an executive order desegregating the Armed Forces, Truman solidified his commitment to equal rights. Truman also formed a multi-national defense coalition in NATO to meet the challenges of the Cold War. When war broke out between North and South Korea, Truman responded quickly by sending weapons to democratic South Korea. Truman used the resources of the U.S. military and that of NATO to meet the clear Communist provocation in Korea. In approving MacArthur's invasion plan, Truman forced the North Koreans above the 38th parallel, and it appeared that the war was won. It was here that Truman made his most costly mistake as President. Shifting the goal from Communist containment to liberation (which was strategically impossible), Truman ordered MacArthur to invade the North, thus prompting China to enter the war. 250,000 Chinese soldiers forced U.S. forces back below the 38th parallel. By the time Truman left office, however, the tide had began to turn in our favor, as the Chinese and North Koreans had been pushed back above the 38th parallel. Peace talks began in July 1952, and when Truman's successor assumed office, a peace settlement was achieved and the Communist threat to South Korean independence had been contained. In domestic affairs, Truman was unable to get most of his programs through the Congress, except for the initiation of a federal housing program. Truman also was the first President of the 20th century to propose comprehensive Civil Rights legislation, thus setting the tone for the Civil Rights movement of the 50s and 60s. In the end, when Truman left office, America was entering a period of prosperity, and over the next eight years, Truman's successor was able to maintain that prosperity and preserve the peace that Truman had fought so hard to achieve.