I'm sure other people have said this, but the only reason I give Dubya a 1 is BECAUSE THERE IS NO LOWER RATING! This man is a complete IDIOT! I'll bet he doesn't even know what 75% of the words he says mean! I can't believe he got elected. Who the $ *!^%!#! in thier right mind would vote for HIM? I'd bet 2,000 bucks that the only reason he won is because they screwed up during that riduculous amount of recounts! We haven't had an even half-decent president since Johnson! Nixon was a stupid hypocrit, Ford is basically remembered for getting caught in the drapes all the time, Carter was a dumb hick, Reagen is a senile guy who didn't really improve this country, Bush was an idiot, Clinton WOULD have been alright if it weren't for the whole Lewinsky thing, and Dubya is an even bigger idiot than his father! This country is screwed! Gore was no great catch either, but at least he had experience as VP and seems to be a moderately intelligent person. Plus he can pronunciate correctly! But Bush? I mean, repealing all gun control laws?? What kind of moron would do THAT? Now any maniac with a .45 can just run into your house and shoot you?? If Bush gets assasinated, because he was elected in a year with THREE zeros, it'll be his own ^ $!^$@! FAULT! And giving the biggest tax cuts to the rich? Do the rich even PAY taxes? I take it most of them have so much money they don't need to earn income! Like Bush would know how to handle money, what, with his father having all that ^*%#! Iraqi oil on his property! The only thing I give Bush credit for is his contribution to stand-up comedy. He should be listed under Comedians, not Politicians. He's the easiest political target since Quayle, and has contributed such immortally bungled phrases as Is our children learning? and referring to this country as a seed in the wind to comedy history. Seed in the wind? The only thing the wind has to do with this country is that its president is long-winded and, just like the wind, he BLOWS. Sorry, I just HAD to get that off my chest. 