**im trying to get your vote on my government project. if u think its "A" quality, please send me a message** Abraham Lincoln, or Honest Abe, is the best and most outstanding American President from 1776-now in my opinion. His persistence and determination to succeed, his resilience, his ability to overcome setbacks, his willingness to ignore and forgive hostile criticism, ridicules and underestimation from his friends or opponents, his self-confidence as revealed by his bold decision to appoint almost all his former unfriendly political rivals to cabinet, including William Seward, Salmon Chase and others he even appointed Chase Chief Justice (who was responsible for making the Dread Scott Decision) after Toneys death in 1865 after Chase's previous unsuccessful attempt to replace him as the presidential candidate for the 1864 election. His will to use force to defend Federal Law or the Union. The way his law partner talked about him his ambition was a little engine that knew no rest, Abrahams refusal to submit to setbacks and difficulties, with anger towards none, and wanted charity for all. That pretty much secured him one of the top position in the ratings of all presidents. Lincoln did the right thing going to war to keep the Union together. Yes, he expanded the powers of the federal government but he had no choice. His enemies many of whom favored a smaller government, need to look at Lincoln in the context of the times. Lincoln did what needed to be done. He also issued the emancipation proclamation on January 1, 1863, in which declared forever that slaves be freed within the Country. And don't forget his humble background. He was born in the wilderness and had gone bankrupt twice in his early life. He had been defeated for Senate and in other elections multiple times, and held a congressional seat for only one term. He came to the White House Office in 1860 with less experience, prestige, and wealth than any other presidents in US history. That he could overcome all this insufficiency and do such a great job as saving the union and winning the civil war which cost more lives than any other wars in American history. He has surely been one of the greatest presidents in us history along with Washington, Roosevelt, Wilson, and Thomas Jefferson. and also if people are to rate this president as "terrible" then they are more than likely FROM THE SOUTH "stupid racists" 