I have to vote for Edwards now. Here is Dick Cheney's true voting record: He opposed federal funding for abortions -- with no exceptions in the case of rape or incest. He voted against the Equal Rights Amendment for women, along with 146 other members of Congress in 1983. On Education, he consistently opposed funding of Head Start and voted against creating the Department of Education. Raised in Wyoming and opposes, as many Westerners do, gun control limits. He was one of just 21 members of Congress, in December of 1985, to vote against a ban on armor piercing bullets -- called cop killer bullets. Three years later he was one of only four members of the House voting against a ban on plastic guns that could slip through airport security machines undetected. The National Rifle Association did not oppose this ban. Also in 1988, he voted to scrap a proposed national seven-day waiting period on handgun purchases. In 1986, on the environment, he opposed refunding the Clean Water Act. He voted to postpone sanctions slapped on air polluters that failed to meet pollution standards. And he voted against legislation to require oil, chemical and other industries from making public records of emissions known to cause cancer, birth defects and other chronic diseases. He consistently voted to raise military spending. He also supported aid to the Nicaraguan rebels, even after a moratorium on funding was passed. During his 11 years in Congress,he was moderate only in his personal style, getting along with Democrats and Republicans. As for his votes, he consistently received very high marks from conservative groups ranking his record. He fought efforts to clean up hazardous waste and backed tax breaks for energy corporations. He repeatedly voted against funding for the Veterans Administration. He opposed extending the Civil Rights Act. He opposed the release of Nelson Mandela from jail in South Africa. He opposed Martin Luther King, Jr. as a holiday. Of course, not to mention Cheney tried to say that Edwards did something wrong and wasn't paying enough taxes by being an S-Corporation. This is preferred legal entity of most small businesses in America. Therefore, Cheney is basically saying all small businesses are not paying enough taxes. I'm changing my vote to Kerty/Edwards. Hard to do as a Republican, but I am! 