I feel Bush has handled himself very well since taking office including the China spy plane incident. He did what needed to be done, bring our people home through diplomacy and democracy. Now that that is out of the way, we can go to work to decide what really happened and manage our relationship with China. So far, I agree with the re-hardened line Washington has taken. It is only unfortunate that China s media is Government controlled and their public do not know the truth. Now lets see what happens on the home front with the budget and tax cuts. The Democrats just kill me with this one. They are currently running a radio spot for you to call your representatives because, now these are there numbers, the richest 1% will get a $50,000 benefit and everyone else will just get a few hundred dollars. Hello, is any one paying attention out there. If you only make between $50,000 and $100,000 a year, do you really feel you should get a $50,000 dollar a year tax relief. Hummm, lets see, no!!! This is spin people; do not let the Democrats talk you into being against something you do not understand. Do not call your Representatives because some guy on a radio commercial said to, look at the taxes you pay, look at the benefits you will receive then decide. Then if you still think you are supposed to get more back from the Government than you pay in, then I just can t help you. Now on to some previous comments What evidence do you have that George W. Bush can t stop drinking and smoking, what evidence for that matter do you have that he drinks and smokes at all. Man if this was true it would be all over the front pages of major newspapers across the globe, President has drinking problem, signing up for AA . Please share this information with us, you obviously have an inside track that nobody else has access to. In fact don t walk, run to the nearest newspaper, they will pay you a lot of money for your information and this story. Be careful though, if you print something that s not true, that s slander.