It's curious to me how violently angry Clinton's detractors can get. I have found that the louder one decries morality, the likelier they are to have committed a similar or worse offense (the reborn ). It is the religious right that fall into the majority of Clinton haters. I have two young children who had to be exposed to the media blitz perpetrated by the right (yes, a conspiracy). The shame they claim he brought to the presidency could have been minimized if it weren't for the Republican/Religious Right's rabid objective to completely annhiliate Clinton at the country's expense. They aided in the the country's disgrace. The media is equally responsible in the manner in which they reported every allegation from Whitewater to the cigar episode. But the ones most guilty are those parents who sacrificed their children's respect of our country by telling them that their President is a liar. What happened to forgiveness? That is one lesson that should have superceded their selfish desire to join on the smear wagon. It served them better to teach their children to disrespect the President of the United States. What hypocrisy. Isn't the Christian credo one of forgiveness or is that reserved for select individuals? I think Clinton was wrong for lying and I am not excusing it. I do forgive it, though. I am filled up with eight years of frustration watching the desperate Republicans campaign to destroy Clinton from Day 1. They couldn't let the country enjoy the positive atmosphere the early Clinton administration tried desperately to sustain. Clinton was a good leader at least until the Lewinsky scandal (and after, as far as I'm concerned). They don't understand how his approval rating could hold after all they did to smear him. Those that are intelligent, forgiving, and unrighteous are responsible for those numbers. I truly believe that the Republican party has become a compilation of fearful, old, hate-filled, bigoted, holier-than-thou extremists. They are the antithesis of what America is all about. They do not desire a united nation. They thrive on negative campaigns against those Americans who are not like them; white, Anglo-Saxon, Protestant and heterosexual. You will find very few non-white, non-Christian, gay or lesbians registered as Republican. Their policies do not favor these people. I am mad as hell at the state of politics. I apologize for my lenghty tirade and possible misspellings but, I have to say, I feel a bit better for getting this off my chest. 