In the 2000 campaign, I was only 12 years old. Didn't know much about politics and frankly didn't really care. But I did pay attention during Clinton's impeachment scandal. In the primaries, I wanted John McCain to win. He seemed like a likeable guy, and had served his country in Vietnam. But when Bush won the primary I didn't care too much. I did want Bush to win ( anyone associated with Clinton turned me off). I don't recall much about election night itself. But I do recall staying up for long as I can, and dozing off on my living room floor. In the morning I was very nervous and anxiously asked my mother who had won, only too find out it was too close to call. After that I didn't care that much and went on with my life. At that time, I could not care less about politics. On 9/11/01 that all changed. I think that day most of us youth woke up to our everyday surroundings and life. On 9/11, I began calling myself a Republican. I knew right away that night that Bush would absolutely fight whoever had done this act. A few days after, I was home alone watching his speech at Ground Zero. This was right after I watched people in Palestine burning American flags and celebrating the attacks. In October, we had begun our War on Terrorism. I supported it fully. I began to hate several countries around the world, mostly in the Middle East region. We liberated 30 million people and killed or imprisoned 2 out of every three member of Al Qaeda. I followed coverage of the Iraqi war; both the planning for it, the argument for it, the protesting of it, and the fighting of it. My cousin was in Iraq, so I monitored the situation closely. I personally felt anger toward any member of Congress that voted against the $87 billion for the troops. To not provide resources our guys needed in the middle of war. Another 25 million people were liberated by the US. Saddam, his sons, the mass graves, genocide, the weapons he had (be they WMD or not), the killing, the raping, and the torture had come to an end for the innocents. Since 9-11, I think Bush has done a terrific job fighting terrorism worldwide. It was about time we brought the fight onto their land. I don't care whether or not Saddam had links to 9-11. Terrorists are terrorists. They must be killed. Bush has delivered so far and continues to do so. No terrorist attack since 9-11. I have felt a sense of pride in our great nation with Bush in office. He does the right thing even when so many are against it. I do not care about other countries or their people except for our real allies. Not the terrorist supporting people of France, Germany, or Russia. Bush continues to kick a*s while looking good. Since 9-11, the US seems powerful and we have sent a powerful message. For the first time in my 16 years of existence I can say it. I love my country and I love my President.