Helmut, he was tagged a flip flopper because of the very well editted AUDIO/VIDEO CLIP played on T.V. adds, on voting "for the war before he voted against it." The Republican party only took a piece of that entire audio, and the Republican party, during their campaign using that clip, didn't play the entire clip--nor explain to the American people how you can alter your vote before the final votes are rendered in Congress. For clarification on this procedure, done by both Rep and Dem parties, refer to Andrea Mitchell's book "Talking Back" pp.272-273. I'm not promoting this book, but this clearly explains the procedure quite clearly. Helmut: "He was tagged for flip-flopping during the election, because he tried to be everything to everybody, and everything Bush was not." Mathew: Speaking of flip flop, you've given two reasons now why you think he was tagged a flip flopper--first it was party line, now it's everyone to everybody... lol. Funny. As for your point, rather than throw out this generalization, you'll have to cite specific interviews and guest spots where Kerry said one thing, then did another. I have watched both candidates and given them both a disconcerning eye... and on the issue of Kerry, to my knowledge, I have not seen him give one view on an issue then alter it--and I have quite a bit of footage on DVD from television on both parties, as well as written media quotes. So could you please be more specific? H:"He tried to say things here and there that made him seem moderate," M: Such as WHAT? What "things" and where is "here and there?" H: Republicans just capitalized on his doing what every far left (or right) candidate does. M: And that would be what specifically??? I notice the Republicans(now in 2005) keep saying the Democrats are "negative" and yet the Republican add campaign in '04 contained nothing but attacks on Kerry. If you want to judge a political party--I have no problem with it. But I take issue with the fact you seem to be only judging one party, and not both of them, with the same rules... Apply your criticism, but apply it to both sides of the aisle please. H: Your logic dealing with abortion is a little shaky too. M: Not really. It's quite easy to understand. Republicans dont' like big government. They nail the democrats as being like that. Yet, Republicans want big government (government control) on the abortion issue. H: For some reason no one considers murder statues "big government". M: What is a "murder statue?" H: I can't imagine why having them apply to abortions would be considered big government. M: Big Government--as defined by the Repubilcan Party, is when government comes in and makes decisions for people, or controls an aspect of free enterprise. If the government has a say on abortion, they are involved in it. H: But I have a big problem with the gay agenda's tendency to advocate for a change in the interpretation of laws to include gay marriage as if it was here all along (which, incidentally is the same thing liberals have done with abortion). M: Here is my take on it. The church won't allow gays to marry--fine. I wouldn't want someone else coming in and telling other people what to do... Gay rights shouldn't be allowed to change the church. In the same respect, in consistency with my policy, Churches have no right to stop civil unions. It's that clear. H: I'm not a huge fan of Bush. He's not perfect by a long shot, but Kerry scares the heck out of me. M: I look at both candidates. I have great issue with Bushs' logic, policy, and execution of that policy...and in some cases, lack of policy. You say Kerry scares you--but you don't say why. You keep mentioning "liberal record" a lot... but if you check your history, I don't recall a "liberal" candidate advocating so much change that there was 'moral outrage' in our country. Also, the next time you want to use that term "liberal" please recall that this country wasn't founded by conservatives. H: The liberal agenda these days seems bent on usurping the integrity of the Constitution I can't stand it. M: Generalization. What "Liberal Agenda?" What SPECIFICALLY is "usurping" the intergrity of the Constitution? Rather than continue your expression of disdain to one party or your categorizing of them all as "liberals"...can you get to a specific? H: Put these two together and you get a candidate that I can't give more than a one. I'm sure he's a nice guy, but he stands for everything I'm against. M: You've said many times everything you are against, but the specifics from you have yet to be revealed. Sincerly, Mathew 