Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev was a realist who sought true peace with a nation that, for better or for worse, was economically stronger than the Soviet Union, all military weapons and assorted examples of destruction notwithstanding. He angered the con-stupor-tives in Moscow with his embracement of openness and accountability in the military (throughout Russian history, this has traditionally been a no-no) and realized that the greatest danger was facing him within his own cabinet (Yigor Ligachev comes to mind). I doubt he was a true communist at heart, because during the Soviets' tenure (1917-1990) the average Russian, Kazakh, Georgian, Azeri, Uzbeki, etc. would call themselves communist because it meant survival in a state where terror reigned supreme. Gorby was a practical man who saw the Party as a stepping-stone to greater positions of power. In this case any ambitious person in any society will do whatever it takes to consolidate power regardless of ideology or nationality (Hitler, Stalin, Pol Pot, Machiavelli, the de Medicis, Amin, McCarthy, Dornan, Metzger, Nathan Bedford Forrest, Cromwell, etc.). While I would never equate Gorby with a Hitler or any of his Soviet predecessors, we need to look beyond glasnost and perestroika and realize that a Western-style democracy will not work very well in a nation that was historically isolated from the Renaissance, the Enlightenment, representative and parliamentary democracy (exception: Peter the Great in the late 1600s), in no small part due to repeated Mongol and Tartar invasions and an historic lack of a warm-water port which only added to Russia's sense of isolation and feelings of inferiority. Gorbachev's rule meant a greater degree of personal and religious freedom for the average Soviet person, but, in turn, also led to the geopolitical disintegration of the world's largest communist monolith, upheaval in a society that has always valued structure, love of the wodka and being told what to do (the Soviets were not exactly entrepreneurs in the American style), and a breakdown of family---the same consequences that us Westerners have had five centuries to adjust to (and we are still doing so). Sorry, but liberte, equalite et fraternite ain't cutting it for all of Gorby's good intentions. People value what is familiar and beneficial to them, and it would be horribly arrogant and jingoistic of us to think that democracy will always work wherever we ugly Americans (for that is how most of the world sees us) see fit to impose it. Gorby tried this, and it hasn't really worked at this point. Vladimir Putin's got a real mess on his hands. Yet we in the West think Gorby is a good guy for opening his country up to our values. Shouldn't we be questioning our own value system, democracy, that we love so much, and realize that it isn't meant for everybody? Gorby obviously realized this once he opened up the eternal Pandora's Box that was the fragmented, disjointed Soviet Union. He was a smoothie, just like Reagan was. But Gorby was a good man who truly wanted what he felt was best for his country. Dos svidanya, gospodin!