It is apparent that most people on this site are aware of this man's greatness and his accomplishments involving the end of the cold war and the lowering of gas prices and unemployment rates. What I'm amazed by is the fact that people are getting so exciting about this AIDS crap. What exactly did any other President do to stop AIDS. It's still here isn't it, how did Clinton save everybody or make it stop. Maybe Reagan would have been able to do more to stop the spreading of AIDS if he wasn't so busy saving the freakin world, from other threats. Crack cocaine would have reared it's ugly head regardless of what Reagan did, just as it does today. Funding the Contras who killed people being a bad thing, what is up with that. I guess you would prefer Communist rule of Nicaragua. I recall a bunch of guys killing people about 225 years ago to free themselves from tyrannical rule. I guess those freedom fighters were evil too and anybody who supported them should be ridiculed. Well if that's the way you feel, get the hell out of my country and go cry to somebody else, you treasonous fools! How dare you say that such a great man deserves less than one star, maybe you would have prefered Carter to win in 1980, so the country would continue it's slide to oblivion. For the person who said Reagan conspired to keep the hostages in Iran in order to defeat Carter as though Carter would have won if the hostages had been released. Maybe you aren't aware of this, but Reagan won by the largest margin over an incumbent in history, I don't think the hostages getting realeased a few months earlier would have salvaged Mr. Peanut. And one last thing, the accusations of him simply being an actor playing a role. Wouldn't the public notice this and not reelect him in the largest landslide in the history of any election. Reagan did everything with class and character, which is an element that very few Presidents possess. Reagan was more than just a great leader he was a extraordinary American hero. That my friends is what we need a lot more of today. More George Pattons, more John Paul Jones, and more Patrick Henrys. People who truly believe in the American dream and have the honor, courage, and commitment to defend it to the death. Live free or die, is the way it should be. Not make sure you're politically correct and don't offend anybody, and if you are still kind of free it's okay. Like I said before if you don't like it leave. God bless Ronald Reagan and God bless America!