George W. Bush, is the perfect choice for president, not only is he a great leader, but he has the potential to be one of the greatest presidents this country has ever seen. He is a nice guy which is obvious by any interview of him and how he natually acts. As opposed to Al Gore who displays various persona's to make himself more attractive to the group he is addressing. People always point out Bush's military experience and how it is nothing in comparison to Gore's, but what people fail to notice or just don't know or care is that Gore was a jounalist, who had a body guard while in vietnam and was only there for several months. (In response to Munson) While George Bush didn't go to Vietnam, he did serve in the Texas Air National Guard. I am in the Texas Army National Guard, and nobody should be underestimating a guardsman. My battalion in fact is going to Bosnia soon, so Guardsman are just as willing or more willing to fight as any active duty soldier. Another topic that involves this is the question on George Bush's intelligence. Many people, especially the Liberal Press, potraits Bush as dumb, just because he sometimes jumbles his words or can't pronounce some guys name from another country. Well just so you people know, to be a jet pilot, as George Bush was, you have to be pretty smart, its not like flying a propeller plane, it does require intelligence. And so the record shows, George Bush graduated from Princeton, while Gore Quit Law school because he couldn't cut it, and he failed Divinity school. He fail God, the Big Guy. How do you expect him to lead America, when he can't even lead himself. Well he did invent the Internet that has to mean something.(The was a joke incase some of you didn't get it) Now what is this stuff about Bush not speaking about his past drug usage?(munson) He openly admitted to his drinking problem he has over 14 years ago and how he got over his drug addiction, and..wait that was his only drug use, which millions of Americans do, probably munson too, so I guess half of Americans are drug addicts. Anyways, Bush openly talked about this and how he over came it because of God and his family, never did he give himself credit for his quiting. Now that is a leader. And believe me Bush is a lot less evil than Gore, who lies about a lot of things. So please look at the straight facts, not the spins. Bush for President!!