If the United States had more men of substance like Colin Powell, then maybe everyone, not just the blacks, would have better role models to look up to. Powell is an honest man, who as STRONG says, doesn't see color over substance. Yes, Mausi, you ma'am, are an idiot. As long as political opportunists like yourself continue to demagogue the race card and refuse to make any real progress for your people by putting some much needed focus on relevant issues, the majority of your people will be kept down by the very people who claim to be such benevolent liberators like yourself and the Jesse Jacksons of the world, and the only members of your people who better themselves will be the ones with the balls to stand way clear of your poverty pimping, liberal propaganda. I find it disturbing, yet by no means surprising, that the media never mentions how all these self-appointed and supposed black leaders are doing the KKK's job for them. Hell, with people like Jesse Jackson doing his damnedest to keep black America dependent on him, or anybody/anything for that matter, they've got their work cut out for them. All the proof of this you need is the fact that when a black American makes good on their own, without any help other than their own determination and will, Jesse Jackson is the first to scream, Sellout! And that's because Jackson doesn't give a sh!t about helping anybody but Jesse Jackson; keeping an entire ethnic group dependent on his view of the world is all he's got for job security. I've been putting your in quotes because every African-American, no, every black American (I don't expect to be called European-American - this is just another politically correct triviality designed to distract you from the real issue) I know would deeply resent your Jacksonian mind control. Go ahead, call them Uncle Toms and they'll call you a moron, and rightly so. I guess I just roll with a different crowd, one that doesn't roll over and wet themselves and demand that Uncle Sam/Big Brother hold our hands and wipe our asses for us when times get tough, white OR black - we can get by without the government tit. And another thing, I had the displeasure, Mausi, of reading your take on George W. Bush. And if I'm not mistaken, the plantation system of slavery went out during the Civil War-era. So please enlighten me with a detailed account of how YOU were beaten, starved, raped, etc. The only thing I'll give you is that atrocities like that should never go unpunished. But where we differ is where I tend to blame those responsible, who in this case are long since dead. You, on the other hand are content to continue punishing the son for the sins of the father. I'm no more a slave owner than you are a slave. Get over it and start making a REAL difference. Take the holocaust, for example. Going purely on the political atmosphere surrounding both ethnic atrocities, you would think that nothing could have been worse than what happened in the American south circa the Civil War, even genocide on a massive scale. Three cheers for perspective! Yay!!! Idiot.