Mr. John Ashcroft truly a man of God. I read Ms. Schremp comments and I must say that if you are a true born again, believing that Jesus Christ is Lord, He died for you sins and God raised Him from the dead; I truly don't understand how you believe the way you do. The Bible calls us to obey the Word of God, live by the Word and walk the walk and talk the talk. I agree that we all fall short of the glory of God, but we shouldn't compromise the Word of God. As a Christian, where do you come off claiming that you have rights, slandering another Christian. As Christians, when we fight and slander other Christians, how can we reach out to the Lost. Our place here as believers is to support other Christians according to the Word of God and to pray for them when they stray, we are not to slander them, say unkind things about them. I have a hard time when I hear anyone say that they are a Christian and on the same note say that they are pro-choice. Life begins at conception, please read your Bible and ask the Holy Spirit to lead you into all truth. I believe it is time for America to get back its moral values and reputation. We are a blessed nation but if even those who say they are born again Christians and believe like the world, then we are in great trouble. I pray that you will truly seek the Lord in prayer and retract the statements you made about one of His children. The Bible calls us never to slander one another, those who are in Jesus Christ. About Ronnie White, even he said that Ashcroft is not a racist. About Bob Jones university, some take hold to some very legalistic views, but God will deal with them in that area, does that mean that they are not Christians? If I were you and thank God I am not, I will not mess with God by slandering His true children. Jesus said, you will know my sheep by their fruits and I have no doubt that John Ascroft and President Bush are Christians. Please know that I am not fighting with you but simply sharing with you as another Christian how we need to be careful in slandering those that in Christ. My pray is for you as well as myself and those are in Jesus Christ that we will put away the things of the world, pray for those who are lost so that they will come to know Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior, pray for another, build each other up and be obedient to the calling of God. 