Well first of all I would like to say that I am only a teenager and do not know that much about politics, but I do know that our president is a extremely good individual. I was never too into President Bill Clinton's speeches or anything, but I am interested in President Bush's. I feel the topics and situations our President shows us are very well received. He informs the United States about the people's policies and restrictions. I know as a young teenager I appreciate that. When President Bush came to my state to give a speech I watched it. I saw the hope and love in his eyes, the feelings that a true leader has. He seems dedicated to help us and live better lives. He was talking about tax cuts for the people. I believe that that is a very generous thing. Some people in the U.S. do not make the sum of money that others may get so that interupts that they can not afford to give large sums of money to the government. Others that may receive more money can say that they earned their money and they can give more. They may also say that they have better jobs because they worked harder in school and college to get where they are today. People have diffent interests and may not want to be the top payed lawyer or doctor, but a simple hair stylist. Every job in the U.S. has importance. No matter the amount of money that the persons may receive. It doesn't make them any lesser in our world. So the point I'm making here is that tax cuts is a an excellent idea. For some people my opinion is probally ridiculus, but for others it may not be. I think that President Bush has inspired young individuals and that is respectable and the marks of a true leader. I have started to get more interested in our society because I am older and want to live the life of a great American. I want to follow in the footsteps of the leaders of our world. As any young person would say so soon in their life that they want to be many different things when they get older, I can say that I am one of those people. I want to be involved with different things that interest me and one of them is beind president. Chances are very slim that I would be a woman president, but i do have hope that if that is what i set my heart out to be I will do it. President Bush said something(anonymous) that made me really want to get involved with our world. I think I have said all that I pretty much wanted to say, but words just can't describe how much I admire President Bush. I will stay a follower of him foe my life. So in conclusion I will in saying if there is any chance our president sees this I want him to know how he has inspired me and in simple terms Thank you ......