I'm sorry but I'm reading some of the comments on this page and my only guess is that some of you don't live in Great Britain and you don't have a clue about Tony Blair. HE IS AN ABSOLUTE JOKE, not to mention he looks like Mr Punch. Don't get me wrong hes fantastic when it comes to foreign policy, unfortunately when it comes to his own country Blair doesn't know his ass from his elbow....now does that sound like a leader to you? I admire him for his approach to the terrorist alerts in Britain and thats all I admire him for. But let me start by going down the route of the millenium dome. A building for what purpose? As if Great Britain doesn't have enough problems and wasting 1 billion pounds ($1.5 billion dollars) worth when it could have gone to sheltering the homeless, subsidising student grants, better public transport, recruiting more policemen on the street to prevent violent crimes, pay rises for nurses, teachers and firemen. What does he do for people who have commited a violent crime..easy...their protected by the law and the victim and their families serve the sentence. Not to mention the millenium dome is one of the most ugliest buildings in London and not one international buyer is interested in watching their money go down the toilet. Well they've got more sense and what does Tony Blair care he never listened to the people who protested about a giant building outside their window with no sight of a visible sky (I mean does this man listen to anyone apart from George Bush), not to mention pay-and-display parking and parking tax for the residents on those roads and the thousands upon thousands of toursits that are NOT EVEN THERE as it closed less than a year it opened. Now we have issues in Great Britain where there are 16 year old children who are homeless, paeodophiles who live 2 yards away from school playgrounds as their addresses are being protected for whose safety Mr Blair? Certainly not the parents or the children as we have the highest number of child murders in europe. Nurses, teachers, policemen, firemen and people with more vital jobs are so badly paid when we have footballers and some of the worst talents who get paid ridiculous money and they have the audacity to moan!!!!! Don't let me even start about how he abolished student grants and thousands upon thousands of university students who are trying to make a better life are not only put-off by the idea of going into higher education, but leaving univerity at least 12,000 in debt. Whilst he was busy climbing Bush's ass and playing poodle , delays in public transport not to mention safety and violent crime rose statistically. We had young offenders on the rampage that were responsible for 40% of the crime in Great Britain and they were being protected by the law. I admire that in America you commit a crime your going to pay no matter how old you are, but thats not the policy in Great Britain instead we have a muppet running the show whose time is now up in 10 Downing Street. Get out Mr Blair...you've had 5 years to deliver and there are no results just a country thats a complete and utter mess.