Like I said before, Clinton's service to the United States and the global political society as a whole has been nothing but outstanding. He did bring about greater awareness and change with regards to social stigmatas and issues that had but plagued the ethnic social strata. He managed in many ways in bringing about tolerance of the multi-ethnic races in the United States and had for the first time given attention to the Afro-americans. Something only surpassed by President Abraham lincoln himself. His foreign policies were palatable and many foreign leaders had looked upon his leadership as a driving force for bonding and looking upon the US as a power that commands respect, at times giving leeway to Clinton's proposals. it is foolish tosay that Clinton's had the comfort of accomplishments of the former establishment as a buffer for his present successful presidential mamnagement and at large the success of the American economy. It was a fact that Clinton had in his own fashion put the USA where it was, that was until the day he had handed the reigns to that idiot Bush, who is doing nothing but making the wrong choice of colors and strokes by defacing the canvass of an already near perfect portrait that took eight years to near completion. He may have his weaknessness while in office,but remember this folks, IT TAKES TWO HANDS TO CLAP. So don't just go blaming Billy Boy when the female evil had a part in it too! Why throw in a rabbit into a lion's cage when it is a known fact that the rabbit ain't gonna get cuddly hugs. So that intern bitch who snared Clinton had a larger agenda at hand. It must have been the urge of wanting to be waxed and legendised like Marilyn Monroe, that had drove her into the sexual snare. Clinton had gone live in admitting his misdeeds, something that would really require a whole lot of guts. So give the bloke a breather and give the thumbs up where it's due. It's fine that a lot of people hate his guts, but at least, Clinton when addressing the nation while on the lawn of 1600 does not go live on american TV while hiding under the shadows of the trees of the White house lawn and definately had no grandoise plans of turning the sensitive eco-system in Alaska into oil-drilling platforms. He may have his foul shortcomings but he always had the well-being of the US economy and the wealth and health of its people in his heart. For that Clinton has got to be one of the best ever presidents in US history. I personally feel that Bush should get butted out and that Clinton should be reinstated as President again, because the United States of America and William Jefferson Clinton rhymns just fine. 