Bush had to be appointed President by the Supreme Court in 2000 because he could not win fair & square. Then he allows 9/11 to happen, if he didn't have a hand in it himself, that is (see http://911truthradio.com). Check out page 51 of the document Rebuilding America's Defenses written by PNAC (neo-conservative group including Cheney, Rumsfeld, Wolfowitz, Perle, Jeb Bush, among others - newamericancentury.org) that calls for a new Pearl Harbor. The document was written in September 2000 and then - viola! - 12 months later, the twin towers are taken down and Bush calls 9/11 our generation's Pearl Harbor!!!! Mere coincidence!?!? Then there was the farce that was the 9/11 Commission. Theologian Dr. David R. Griffin (founder of mujca.com) has written a book and spoken on C-span (c-span.org) about the many distortions and omissions of the 9/11 report - incredible information that leads to the incredible conclusion that Bush either planned it or let it happen!!! Read and judge for yourselves!!! Then there's the Abu Ghraib torture scandal, where lowly pee-on soldiers were asked to take the fall for a widespread admininstration policy of torture in Afghanistan, Iraq and Guantanamo Bay. But we're supposed to believe that it was these few bad apples - yeah, right!!! Read Seymour Hersh in the New Yorker magazine for more details. And then there's our economy that's going to hell in a handbasket, loss of jobs that is destroying our middle class, erosion of civil liberties (Patriot Act and Real ID - national ID that just brings big brother to a neighborhood near you), total annihilation of our lower class by elimination/reduction of several social service programs (oh, yeah, by the way, the rich keep getting richer and our corporations are wielding unlimited power), the dismantling of our education system, the total selling out of our mainstream media that only serves as our government's mouthpiece and keeps our populace dumbed down, the absolute rape of our environment, etc, etc, etc, etc. And after all of this, we're supposed to believe that he won re-election?!?!?! In the Ukraine, the exit polls were used to determine that fraud had occurred but here in the good ol' US of A, nah, we just polled too many Kerry voters. Total insanity!!! Read John Conyers' report about the TENS of THOUSANDS of complaints filed by the voters after the 2004 election ( http://truthout.org/Conyersreport.pdf OR http://www.truthout.org/docs_05/010605Y.shtml - reports executive summary ). Senator Prescott Bush (GW's granddaddy) illegally sold steel to the Nazi's during WWII, GHW Bush was responsible for the Central American death squads in El Salvador and Nicaragua and now GW is following in the crime family's footsteps by perpetrating the most heinous crimes in American history. The Gambino's have got nothing on these guys!! Meanwhile, the American people are all sleepwalking to the end of the world, total nuclear annihilation (okay, I admit, maybe I'm being a little dramatic here but only in that last sentence)!! Hopefully the American people will wake up and fight the neo-cons that have hijacked the Republican party and are bent on absolute power!! Fight Social Security privatization!! Fight against the use of the nuclear option in the Senate!! Fight for election reform!! Fight for 9/11 justice!! Fight to bring our troops back home!! Otherwise you will end up on the wrong side of history - mark my words. 