Lincoln-esque? I literally was in tears when I read that. Sorry to say but all you Clintonistas need to honestly look at the record. Bush has proved himself to be a much more adroit politician, audacious leader and effective statesman than Clinton could ever have dreamed. First, let me state that Clinton was far from one of our worst presidents and I substatively agree with the assertion that over zealous politicians proceeded in a manner of investigation during his presidency that was unwarranted- purely for political gain. This, however, was exacerbated by Clinton's stonewalling and mendacious behavior. Clinton however rose to office without a plurality of the votes in both his elections. Upon taking office he quickly moved to the left proposing tax hikes, huge pork barrel stimulus packages, and a public take over of 1/7th of our nation's economy. After losing the battle politically on Capitol Hill he proceeded to get the Lefties slaughtered at the ballot box in 1994 with the Gingrich Revolution sweeping into office on the Contract With America- stamping home the conservative shift in the electorate that Reagan had started in 1980. Clinton quickly adjusted back toward the center slightly. He passed welfare reform only after vetoing it twice and realizing he would have been overridden by a super majority on the final bill. He did pass NAFTA AND GATT both moderately successful treaties- and in the process won reelection against a horrible republican candidate in Bob Dole- one of the final remnants of the Old Republican party. Clinton reluctantly passed capital gains cuts that heated up the already white hot tech market. And yes the increased tax revenues collected in connection with the gutting of our military allowed our budget to be balanced on paper for part of his second term. Clinton's foreign policy however was complete and utter failure. Save for a successful intervention in Kosovo- derided in the paleo-conservative circles- Clinton for all intensive purposes lacked a cohesive foreign policy. He sent Carter to broker a failed deal with North Korea- that included of all things us building a nuclear reactor for them. The World Trade Center was bombed. He did nothing- hell, he didn't even visit the site! To busy getting gays in the military I suppose. Our embassy in Kenya was bombed. Our embassy in Tanzania was bombed. The USS Cole was bombed. Terror training camps were in full operation to our knowledge in Afghanistan- and he did nothing. He exercised our might tepidly in Somalia tucking and running when it got hot empowering the nefarious ambitions of one Usama Bin Laden. By the time he left office the economy was steadily cooling off dipping into an actual recession by March 2000. Saddam was bilking the Oil For Food program for billions and had kicked out weapons inspectors. Korea had long broken it's agreement to suspend its nuclear weapons program. Terrorists were being trained openly in Iraq and Afghanistan. And we had already cut our intelligence budget in half to create the mirage of a balanced budget. We had no on the ground operatives in most parts of the Middle East. Horrifically, this all came home to roost on 9-11. In contrast, Bush has expanded his party's size while in office, garnered more votes than any in history during his re-election campaigns. Has crafted an audacious foreign policy that addresses the issue of terrorism. Has deposed to tyrannical governments freeing almost 40 million from the bonds of dictatorship-and propped up democracies where the once stood. He has reinvigorated our military. Clinton would be happy to hang his hat on one of these accomplishments. Well, he can always say his attorney general incinerated a bunch of women and children on his watch! Man, that Ashcroft really was such an offense to civil liberties. What a joke.