Let's begin, Bush is a religious fanatic, and a dictator of the United States of America supported by Anti-Americans who label themselves as Republicans, and as it were, for each of them a special curse exists, and with this plague of deceit and tribunal rituals they pass it from on hand to the other, as an elephant in a circus holding the tail of the other foolish elephant in front and behind them. George Bush, as his cowardly father, is not a man, but a weak little boy hiding from God and the hand that punishes those whom use the words for their own self achievement. Bush is a hypocrite, among other things, and a cheap clown that shrouds the great country of America as a tyrannical empire bullying the world. Let us reflect together, on the fateful morning of September 11th 2001. Not only was this predicted by seers such as Nostradamus, but it was allowed to happen by evil war mongers in Bush's administration in order to keep the country looking the other way. Go ahead get angry, and tell yourself How can this person say this! That's illegal! No it isn't. That's what America is all about Freedom that thing that we took away from the tribes that we still foolishly call 'Indians', that was a mistake by Columbus remember, he thought he was in India and wasn't. Columbus had a lot in common with George W. Bush, or vice versa. The Pinta, Nina, Santa Maria, and what does Columbus do, just in case he is wrong about the shape of the earth, he lets the other two ships go first so that if the earth is flat, then he has time to turn back. If that had happened Columbus would have appreciated their sacrafice , a word that Bush uses too often. Bush sees real life war as a baseball game, and what can you do for your team in baseall to prove your loyalty make a sacrafice . I was certain that Bush was a complete idiot when he went to the United Nations to gain approval for aggression action in Iraq and held up his thumb -representing every American- and said (and I quote), We gotta get these folks! You gotta give us the thumbs up on this! To recent date, as our American Marines are being slaughtered daily on the sands of Iraq and Afghanistan, Bush has made another macho foolhearted statement (and I quote), Bring it on! So what he is really telling the Iraqi Saddam supporters (as the news media calls them) is kill more American troops we support our soldiers right into the grave to leave their families forever, because remember we appreciate their 'sacrafice' . The President of the United States George W. Bush of the present date of July 8th 2003 is a stupid white man, a bigot hiding behind red, white, and blue. He is a ferocious man with obvious mental disorders, just look into his eyes and use your common sense, not that most Americans are capable of even having any in this new millenium, however, he is weak and sad and he is more concerned about making history no matter what it may be. I believe that he wants to be remembered as the president who got America through World War III. World War III equals a Greek word known as Armagaedon, Judgement Day, the end of the world. Here's a note to the Christians read the bible Revelations Chapter 11 verse 5 and 9, then watch 'In Memoriam 9/11'. Three religions must be tossed away for world peace Judaism, Christianity, and Muslim. Bob Marley said in 'Redemption Song' these words that describe sick minded world leaders like Bush and Saddam 'we've got to fullfill da book'. Someone asked me the other day, Did we get that dictator yet? I responded, Which dictator Saddam, or Bush? Let's consider this? I see a pattern; Bush, Cheney, Powell equals War in Iraq. Clinton is in office for eight years. Bush, Cheney, Powell again, equals War in Iraq. Here's the political mind set in the Situation Room of the Pentagon after 9/11. Cheney, We have to attack someone, or the rest of the world will move in and take us over. Powell looks to Bush. Bush calls his father, then returns to the War Table, Iraq is the target. An unidentified voice says, Again? The question remains, I thought we were after Al-Qaeda? We are. Here is the new slogan for war as Powell and the rest of the Bush Administration sit down to plan the death of others, Saddam has weapons of mass destruction, Saddam had WMD, Saddam has WMD, Saddam has WMD . Just keep saying it, whatever it is, and it becomes the truth. The days are at hand when everyone will turn on everyone. No one is happy in America. They spend their time competing too much to stop and breathe. Is your car fast, expensive? Do you have more than the people on your block? Are you a rock star? Rap star? Successful lawyer? Doctor? Are you juggling two affairs and a family? Did you beat the car that cut you off to the red light. Are you 55 and still cool? America, God bless America, land that I love, stand beside her and guide her through the night from the light up above, God bless America my home sweet home. I hope this made everyone angry, but atleast made you think. I am not a democrat, nor a republican. I am superior to America. I am of the Cherokee Nation, the unpolluted Cherokee nation that has had spirit here forever, and long after all flags, of all countries are forgotten our people remain as the other nations falter into greed, and war. Here is some suggested reading material; The Holy Koran (Quran), The Torah, The Gita, The Holy Bible, Edgar Cayce, Stupid White Men, and Downsize This(by Micheal Moore, also see his movies Roger and Me and Bowling For Columbine -the movie the Bush Administration doesn't want you to see), and read about War and the meaningless processes that support it. Remember, this is my country you are all paying rent on. A True American.