Muammar al-Qaddafi, a Bedouin by birth and a military officer by training, has been one of the more virulent anti-American voices heard around the globe since 1969, when he deposed the feeble King Idris I in a bloodless military coup. Like Fidel Castro, he is an ardent nationalist committed to his revolution. He has proven himself to be a megalomaniac and ardent proponent of terrorism to satisfy his agenda: to disrupt and emasculate American/Western economic and cultural interests in the Middle East; to unify all Arabs and Muslims into a Pan-Arabia, with himself as supreme leader; to assist rogue nations and terrorist groups to assist him in his crusade against the West (not unlike that of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's 1979 Islamic Revolution), and to destroy Israel for religious and geographic purposes. He fancies himself a modern-day Hannibal of the ancient city-state of Carthage but his influence and personality have bewildered and angered many of his fellow Muslims who, like most reasonable people worldwide, view him as an eccentric and kook at best and a dictatorial terrorist at worst. His brand of Islam, as exemplified in his Green Book that all Libyans must memorize, is an amalgamation of socialism, Pan-Arabism, anti-Western diatribe, and his Bedouin background twisted to suit his own purposes and not for the good of the Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jumahiriya. Most Libyans, I'm sure, fear and loathe him but dare not speak up because they may disappear in the night, never to be seen again by their loved ones. How can anyone take this guy seriously, especially after he was put in his place by an irritated American aerial attack upon his headquarters a few years ago? Most likely he will continue to hold power in Libya until he dies or is overthrown himself. History and the Islamic faith will judge him for who and what he is in the future. As for myself, he is nothing more than a silly man who wears lots of gold braid and epaulets and has had just a bit too much camel's milk and honey to drink while sitting out in the Tripolitanian Desert in his goatskin tent in 120-degree heat.