A true revolutionary who was a nationalist at heart, Fidel Castro Ruz was born on August 13, 1926 in Oriente Province in eastern Cuba, the son of a middle-class plantation owner and his wife. He was an exceptional student and is an intellectual with a ruthless streak who has never allowed anyone or anything to dictate to him how he should live his life. (Are we listening here, all you jingoistic Yanquis?) This is a complex, contradictory man who violates all American sense of what is right and wrong and instead dispenses consequences based upon the Latin tradition of physical and military strength (as shown by the Spanish conquistadores and the caste system imposed by the peninsulares) and cunning, intertwined with a Cuban's sense of injustice (witness historical Spanish, British, and American brutality towards the Cuban people) and independent spirit. Perhaps that is why the Spanish held on to Cuba for so long because the Cuban people are so proud to be Cuban and proud of their heritage, and because the Spanish (and Americans and Soviets) could not, and can not, dictate their brand of rule upon Castro and his people. To jaded hard-liners in the West, especially in America, Castro is a relic of a system that has failed to meet the needs of the Cuban people. But to most Cubanos, Castro represents stability on an island that had never known economic and military stability since the Spanish first arrived on this beautiful island over six centuries ago. Democracy, as Americans know it, was never a priority in Cuba because the average Cuban was desparately poor and was trying to feed their family, while the few wealthy and their colonial overlords---Spain and America---profited handsomely from Cuban rum, sugar, and the slave trade. Old Cubans prior to 1959 revere Castro because he cast out Fulgencio Batista, a Cuban puppet propped up by the U.S. and its corporations that were used to operating in a society where there were so many wretchedly poor people. Under Castro, literacy and health care rapidly improved until it was (and still is) one of the best in Latin America. Castro increased the size of the military and put all Cuban men and women to work regardless of income or profession to give average Cubans a sense of hope and control over their destiny. Cubans were taught to work collectively for the greater good of Cuba's prosperity and were given ration cards so that no one would be entitled to receive more than anyone else. Young Cubans have grown up knowing only Castro and, while no one is getting rich and civil liberties are curtailed, they are certainly better off than they would have been had they still been living under Fulgencio Batista. Castro has doone many positive things for his people and for Cuba. Cuba's standard of living may not be like the U.S., but capitalism's drawbacks such as socioeconomic inequality, racialtensions exacerbated by capitalism, high crime, joblessness and resulting anxiety of wondering where the next meal will come from have not permeated Cuba, which is good for the people. You gotta give up something to get something, and for me, having a job with a guaranteed income would not be so bad. On the other hand, as an American, would I want to compromise my civil rights and freedoms I take for granted? Castro is a fascinating figure and will be someone to remember as one of the 20th century's greatest leaders and statesmen.