In the 1970s Britain was really in a mess. The 'sick man of Europe', skyrocketing unemployment, inflation reaching over 20%, the winter of discontent, the 3-day weak, stike after strike. Things looked incredibly bad. Then Margaret Thatcher came along. Her economic policies had to deal with high inflation and high unemployment - a combination which had been thought to be imposssible, inflation being traded off against unemployment. She had a very hard job to do. She took some hard decisions. She hurt a lot of people in the process. But in the end Britain came out of it far stronger. Britain hasn't had a recession since 1993, because of the supply-side reforms she introduced and the hard choices she made. Britain now has an economy going from strength to strength, which is nothing to do with short-term factors - such as labour's management of the economy - and has everything to do with long term reforms she made, hard choices. If these choices hadn't been made, things might have been far worse. In the short run they must have had awful consequences but in the long run they reaped far larger rewards. One comment accuses her of starting the Falklands War for political ends. This is factually incorrect. Argentina, under a fascist dictatorship, invaded the Falkland Islands. This is indisputable fact. She didn't start any war. People claim she ruined the health service, through under-investment. The fact was that the British ecomony was run incredibly badly in the 1950s and 1960s - short term high growth leading to long-term melt-down. When melt-down happened in the 1970s, Thatcher was there to pick up the pieces. But Humpty Dumpty couldn't be put back together again. At least not perfectly. She did bad things - terrbile things - like the Poll Tax, Lawson boom and bust and a couple of recessions, and the Black Wednesday debacle - but overall I think she did a fantastic job. She came into a country that had gone to the dogs and left an economic legacy of success. Ruined our country? Look at the state it was in in 1979 before you complain, and look at it now. 