UODATE: The posts on this list show as clearly as anything I've read why GWB was re-elected. His opposition has only incoherent hatred for him and cannot articulate a decently worded post why they hate him so much. But, hate him they do. Tell me again how much better the liberal, anti-military Kerry would have been. They don't. So, here's my report card for W after his first year as a re-elected president: OVERALL LEADERSHIP - C-; his mediocre communication skills have hurt him. He's lost his focus on his highest priorities for his 2nd term and appears to be surrounded by yes-men (and women) who don't challenge him. His ivory tower needs some windows. WAR ON TERROR - B-; it's on auto-pilot and needs some leadership and nurturing. The American people have the attention span of a mosquito and something this important (and necessary) needs to be presented to them, with special emphasis on truthful, specific progress, every day. If you don't do this, the lib/idiot press characterizes it as a "Vietnam-style quagmire, " which it is not, but try to remember the attention span of the American people. It turns out that the terrorists in Iraq are as inept as he told us they were, losing the battle for the Iraqi people by massacring them. Who'd a thunk? ECONOMY - B-; it continues to indicate fundamental strength, in spite of some major obstacles including an incredible spike in energy prices, leading to inflation and, soon, higher interest rates. Unemployment is down other than that caused by Katrina, and GDP remains steady. He has completely abandoned his base on government spending, choosing not to reign in spending as most conservatives expected. TAX REFORM: Incomplete. Panel report due out soon. SOCIAL SECURITY REFORM: Incomplete, but not promising. SUPREME COURT NOMINEES: B-; After a spectacular choice in Roberts (although not a courageous choice, from a conservative standpoint) he has completely flummoxed his base with the appointment of Miers, backhanding his base of conservatives with "Trust me, she's conservative. " Like he might recognize a conservative if one were sitting on top of him. Maybe there'll be one more. FOREIGN POLICY: C-; the loss of Powell hurt, although Condi Rice is doing an adequate job, overall. Her star continues to rise with everyone except dyed-in-the-wool, screechy liberal wing-nuts. Getting Bolton approved as Ambassador to the UN was an accomplishment not to be minimized. Scroeder's failed re-election bid is helpful, referendum defeat of the European Constitution helped and recent progress toward a compromise on the Iraqi constitution helped, also. He does a terrible job informing the American people about good news abroad, though. OVERALL: C-; pending completion of two critical courses, Social Security and Tax Reform, neither of which looks very optimistic for him. Conservatives expected more from him, but his father governed the same way. He's not running for re-election so I'm not optimistic about stunning progress from him but we'll see in the next year (maybe, if he focuses) what is truly important to him. He's lost an awful lot of political capital in one year. How he spends or fritters away what's left will be interesting to see. ORIGINAL COMMENT 12/30/04: Still a work in process, but a lot has been accomplished in his first term, in spite of the incredible catastrophe on 9/11/01. Most people who rate him low now are simply bitter, liberal democrats who would be defending Bill Clinton at this same point in his second term, and rightly so. I'm just glad we're not rating Al Gore (2001-) or John Kerry. 