My preference for President is George Bush and that decision is based upon the job he has accomplished in Texas. The successes enjoyed by Texas benefactors has been acheived by a man with the ability to bring opposing factions together for the good of all. It is time for an unconventional healer to take over and appoint a cabinet that will take the country into a land of deliverance rather then continual promises that never seem to come into fruition. If I didn't know better I would have sworn that Clinton and Gore standing at the podium were auditioning for the lead in a Broadway re-release of David Merrick's Promises, Promises . What amazes me are so te so called intellectuals that are buying into all the to-date undelivered promises and lies. I was raised in a family of 12 children by parents that were wise in teaching all of us resourcefulness. We were taught to be independent of the government handouts. In growing up when times were tough and we felt we were poor, we questioned our parents politics. We had heard that the Republican party was the party of the rich...so what were doing in a party. It was expained very simply by my Father...a wise man...The Republican Party IS the party of the people...real people who know that you cannot have too much month left at the end of your money ..consequently you had to learn to work smart...not necessarily hard but for everytime you reach for a handout the giver grabs hold and never let's go. The Republican Pary was started by small business people that could not have their books read with red ink at the end of the month..if you were not in the black you were not in business and then you just might sell your soul to the democr..oops! the government. Have a plan and work the plan and then you will maintain your dignity and your independence. Oh, and he also said go West YOUNG WOMAN and that I did,from Norristown, Pa. to Sunny Southern California and/or the welfare state or the land of the Liberal Media...the business I'm in. Fianlly,I wonder why uptight, Gore the Bore feels George is a stumbler???I thinks Gore should be careful not to continus stumbling over his stories. Maybe he should hang it up and go out and invent something...oh, that's right he is inventing stories everyday. June Cain Miller..a logical voter!