Frankly, I don't have a grasp of the economical problems Britain is facing at the moment, or what role Blair is playing in them. I have gathered from some of the comments in this forum that the problems facing Britain are quite similar to the problems facing America. What I do know is that in a crucial time when America is looking to the world to see if we are truly understood and backed since the attack on 9/11, we are seeing that most of the other countries really couldn't give a damn. That's the way it is received on the American end. Everyone knows at this point that Al Queda is now specifically America's foeman and it has been adequately that anyone harboring this organization's members will be severely dealt with. Afghanistan was one such country. Iraq is also one such country. There are many others. We here in America have suffered a horrifying loss in life of not just loved fathers and mothers, but CHILDREN! For too long we have shook our heads and the amount of anti-American sentiment that has managed to arise until now, it has directly impacted us. We, as Americans can no longer sit idle. We must act! We are attacking the roots of the anti-American sentiment in the middle east methodically and specifically. Terrorist governments such as the Iraqi regime WILL be reconstructed. Perhaps my government intends to move throughout the middle east, fixing these types of governments in a scientific manner, thereby minimizing anti-American policy. This can only make for a more stable Middle East. A friendlier Middle East. The entire world will benefit from this. For the life of me, I can't understand and am outraged that most of the other countries (ESPECIALLY FRANCE who has actually worked against us!) can't see that. We are not venomous warmongers biting at the chance to kill somebody. We want vengeance, true. But we want it constructively. We want the crazy and ignorant Middle Eastern urge for killing to be swayed. What the hell does the world think is going to happen? Does the world think we just want war for no reason!!!????? Cripes! The way I see it, Tony Blair has been virtually the ONLY foreign diplomat to show the U.S. that he understands our sorrow and need for justice. He makes me proud of Mother England.