Let me reaffirm my belief that Bush is not the legitimate conservative in the mold of Ronald Reagan. A true conservative advocates a balanced budget and healthy economic policies. Welfare, whether individual or corporate has a corrosive effect on our society. Did you know that discretionary domestic spending has increased over 30 percent over the past 4 years, much of it going to corporate welfare--subsidies to unproductive businesses. This isn't free market capitalism, this is almost socialism. A conservative believes in the invisible hand as the great Scotish conservative economist Adam Smith pointed out, the market is the equalizer in society. And to top it off, Bush's economic policies are inflationary in the long run. The economy may be good now, but we're going to have to pay for the low interest rates and high deficit spending in a few years. Our dollar won't be going so far. Reagan's tax reforms during the 1980's truly benefited the middle classes, Bush's tax policies only helps out the investor class. Supply side economics doesn't work when tax breaks are given for luxury items etc. It does when it's complimented by closing tax loopholes much like what Reagan did in the 1980's. They don't go around in search of monsters to destroy in the immortal words of our 6th President John Quincy Adams. Such policies will only stir the pot of hatred against the United States in the long run. I believe in a strong national defense, but we have to be wary of the strength of the military industrial complex, as President Eisenhower warned us in his farewell address. There are certain functions that should be left up to the state, one of those is the ability to war. The privatization of war will mean too much centralized power, and in democracy, that does not bode well for freedom. And I will tell you what doesn't bode well for religious and social freedom in this country: a government that forcibly legislates a certain set of Christian values ironically enough will not serve the interests of the religious community. You have to understand that the one thing that drives legal precedence is the law of unintended consequences. Strong government intervention in censorship issues for example can be used by groups like the ACLU to brand religious speech as hate speech. The lesson: be careful what you ask for. Remember the words of Barry Goldwater, the father of the conservative movement: Any government that is big enough to give you what you want is big enough to take it all away. I understand that a lot of the smut out there in the media has to be reigned in, but not at the expense of our civil liberties. Provisions of the Patriot Act can be used potentially to ban some forms of political speech as well and even weaken the 4th Amendment right against search and seizure. Terrorism is a law enforcement problem, we can't use it as a justification to give government more power than it needs. Bush doesn't advocate conservatism in the traditional sense, he advocates nationalism. He wants big government at home and abroad; such notions of an American empire don't mesh with the republican (small-r) tradition of this country. That is the true measure of strength of our country. It isn't a belligerent bark, it's the strength of our ideas. Revolution and change comes of the people from the bottom up not from the top down. Bush's so-called global democratic revolution sounds very naively idealistic and elitist. Conservatives don't advocate democracy by the barrel of a gun, Ronald Reagan sure never did. He ended the Cold War without so much as firing a shot! The differences between Reagan and Bush are actually very far. Bush is dogmatic, stubborn, and belligerent Reagan was open to all sides of an issue but he had values that he stuck to as well, always an admirable stance. Of course Reagan was an optimist but he was a balanced realist as well. I can't say I like John Kerry, but Bush has not been good for the country. He's done some damage to the Republican party unfortunately and I can say that I won't be supporting them this year like I did in 2000. Unfortunately he hasn't turned out to be uniter like he promised. Really this country has seriously lacked any leadership for the past 15 years. In a critical juncture point in history, we don't have anyone behind the wheel of state that represents our interests.