Take one cup of salt and one cup of sugar and mix ingredients well. You now have the seasoning for each and every dish at Pf Chang's except for maybe dessert. Don't expect to be eating good Chinese food here as these dishes are not just Americanized but seasoned with some of the off-the-wall flavors that somehow make it taste good. Don't get too excited about the lettuce wraps in advance of your first visit. They are good but probably don't match any dish the local Mom & Pop Chinese restaurant offers. Here is the secret about the famed "Lettuce Wraps." You are presented with a dish of chicken goobers (for lack of a decent description) that has sticky stuff on them and lying on top of those cellophane looking things you find in a Chinese grocery store. Of course you will first assume the cellophane stuff is white rice... probably steamed. However it has one of those ancient names and the natives call it, "cellophane noodles." Then to the side a dish is placed with about 4 big leaves of lettuce. Of course earlier in this loud restaurant the waiter mixed up some goop in a small dish, mumbled something about what it was called, and has 3 other glass dispensers with a metal spout that contains an unknown concoction. If the goop is too hot to your liking you take one of the glass dispensers that contain vinegar (your first thought is rice vinegar, but probably not since Pf Chang doesn't do normal) and sprinkle some of that on the goop to cool it down a notch. The dark colored dispenser has soy sauce but not as good as Kikkoman. I didn't attempt to play with the 3rd dispenser as I thought I was learning way too much for my first visit so who knows what was inside it? As you are looking at this dish of goobers and lettuce leaves you think you need to eat this in some way but you don't want to do anything stupid where the waiter might come up later and say, "Did I bring you enough lettuce to wash your hands well?" So you sort of have to look at the other tables with leaves of lettuce and see what they are doing. You surmise that you put these goobers on top of the lettuce. And since it is called a "wrap" it likely needs to be wrapped up. Of course then you need to look around and see how to eat this mess. IOW, do you use a fork or just your hands? You use your hands. I don't care if the Chinaman comes from China, there is no way he has the dexterity to place those goobers on lettuce, wrap them up and eat them with chopsticks. So this lettuce wrap idea must have came about the same time Chinese technology devised a way make cellophane eatable. The big secret (now that you have mastered how to wrap up this mess) is, it doesn't taste all that bad. Usually anything that is such an unlikely fit mixed together taste bad, but this doesn't. It's not great, but just better than expected. Of course the salt and sugar seasoning is in abundance in this dish. Plan on getting something with chicken or shrimp. For the beef lovers you get something very unique compared to other Mom & Pop Chinese restaurants. Mongolian Beef is made with a little twist. Instead of all the grease you find from the Mom & Pop Mongolian kitchens, it is replaced with sugar and salt. Plus a little extra salt if you didn't taste it the first time. So it will be memorable for you, the restaurant finds the toughest beef imaginable but they still tend to cut it thin to make you think it might be just as tender as the Mom & Pop places. This is a paradise for sampling all types of wines by the glass. As though you just arrived at a fine Italian restaurant you are presented with a wine list that doesn't miss a single California winery and sure to offer something that you haven't ever tried before. Maybe this is why this place is so loud... you think you are amongst large Italian families enjoying dinner, however you are actually around people that want you to see them and you want to be seen by them. You glance over and see someone you know at a distant table and give that little wave that means, "Yeah, I'm stupid enough to drive past a perfectly good Mom & Pop Chinese restaurant with much better food, lower prices, no waiting, and a nice quite atmosphere, so I could get here too." I actually saw three Chinese guys sitting at a table near the windows but I am almost certain it had something to do with a fraternity initiation of hazing or some sort of humiliation. Actually this place isn't all that bad but there wasn't one dish that I could say is memorable. If you haven't been, you need to go just to see what it is like. 