I was one of a party of 16 (yes, we had reservations) last night at the RMG in Monrovia, CA, on Jan. 19, 2006. It being a chain Italian restaurant, I honestly wasn't expecting much. Given that we were such a large party, I expected we would have to wait a long time for our food. Appetizers came fairly quickly, and our meals were served a long time later. My child was the only child in the group, and she was served next to last. Her food was cold. My meal was served last- a full 25 minutes *after* everyone else at the table had been served their main meals. Unacceptable. I had ordered the pork chop special, which was so incredibly salty I honestly could not taste the meat, nor its sauce. The well-cooked broccoli was also too salty. The garlic mashed potatoes were very good. When we complained about my meal being late (while we were still waiting for it), the manager (we had complained to our waiter, who then sent the manager over)apologized, and offered to comp the desserts (it was a birthday dinner)- but the desserts weren't the problem! Another diner in our party was served a side of meatbalss that were cold (oh yes, and bready and bland). Our host at this dinner party was handed his meal from the waiter from across the table (poor serving manners). This waiter had brought the dish out holding it with napkins becuase the plate was so hot, but then handed it across the table to its recipient, who had to reach for it, and then burned his hands. Not to mention (ok, so I am) my in-laws were offended that we were asked to hold onto our dirty silverware as the appetizers were being cleared away, and the waiter hassled them when they asked for fresh silverware with their main meals. Oh, and yes, I also recieved several paper cuts on my hand too from the paper tablecloth. In the end, my meal and the desserts were comped, which I felt was appropriate. However, I did find the 25-minute delay of my meal and the 2 cold meals (that I know of, anyway) entirely unacceptable. To be fair, most people in our group enjoyed their food, and I did think the chocolate cake dessert was very good. Yes, the portions are huge, but that's true for most American chain restaurants. Nobody says you have to eat it all. I was pleased that the staff was apologetic, and they tried to make amends, but for all the reasons mentioned I will not return to this, nor any, Macaroni Grill. This was my first and last trip to this chain restaurant.