When you think of a bowel movement on a bun, think of MacDonald's. When you think of those Golden Arches, think of an enduring symbol of the lowbrow boorish tastes of the American public. How these places stay in business in this day and age is a wonder, but I guess really poor people, societal bottomfeeders and base, indescriminating louts have to eat somewhere. MacDonald's used to be considered a model of business perfection, with a new franchise opening virtually every few hours somewhere around the world. Today, MacDonald's is considered one of the biggest turkeys in corporate America for a number of reasons: (1) the food is flavorless, (2) the food is downright unhealthy (all that fat and sodium, ugh!), (3) attempts to diversify the menu over the past fifteen years have been a total flop, (4) the product is overpriced for what you're getting, (5) Americans have slightly more sophisticated tastes than in the 1950s and 1960s when the MacDonald's concept was developed and the company has been very, very slow and sluggish in responding to changes in the market, and (6) the Board of Directors of the company is largely comprised of vendors to the corporation, and these Directors are loathe to make any substantive changes in the product that might compromise their lucrative contracts with the captive clientelle, namely, the hapless franchisees. As a result, the company's numbers have been flat for years and the franchise holders are pissed off that the profitability is not nearly what it once was. Seems the only vibrant market for this crap is overseas, the unsavory American connotation of this brand notwithstanding, and as soon as the novelty wears off, the numbers in that regard are going to follow those on the domestic side down the terlet. Also seems that the only time domestic MacDonald's does any brisk volume is during promotions when they sell Big Macs for $1, which, after all, is what those crapburgers are truly worth. It's also telling that a significant portion of MacDonald's business springs from those health-destroying Happy Meals, which wouldn't sell at all if toys weren't included with the revolting fare. It's pretty pathetic that MacDonald's has to, in essense, bribe children with toys to move product. Of course, these spoiled little mutant brats have weak, lame parents willing to cavil to the incessant screaming and demands for such nonsense, so as long as this dearth of parenting continues, MacDonald's will have at least one market group it can count on. Face it folks: MacDonald's is a loser, and for good reason. Maybe if the morbidly obese lardasses who live on this crap would stop doing so, and mosey their corpulent butts over to the gym, it would contribute some downward pressure on the the general health costs in this country, and save the rest of us money on our health insurance premiums.