I first discovered Caribou in Atlanta, which now has about a dozen stores in it's metro area. Drink selection is almost identical to all other coffee shops. Like most coffee houses, they serve a wide selection of "umbrella drinks" for the coffee set, which has lots of appeal to the masses who can get their sugar fix and caffeine fix in one item. Yeah, the drinks are expensive and maybe not for coffee purists who like it black, but you're basically paying for dessert and coffee in one drink (although they do, of course, serve it black, and in several different roasts). The food is almost identical to other cafes as well, with mostly expensive pastries and individual tea cookies, choc. dipped pretzel sticks, muffins, and bagels being the norm, however, the newest store I visited also had sandwiches. The one thing that I believe makes Caribou stand out over Dunkin' Donuts, Starbucks, and other small cafe's is the ambiance. When it's cold and icy or snowy outside, nothing beats a toasty fireplace overlooked by high wood beams and comfy overstuffed chairs. I don't want to walk into the frigid subhuman temps that Starbucks must be using to keep people ordering hot drinks. And,although I like Dunkin's coffee, I have never wanted to hang out in that much pinkness,plopping my rear onto a hard pink plastic booth chair soaking in the atmosphere of a cheap diner with lots of parents with screaming kids streaming through for donuts. I suspect Caribou still does well at the home of my alma mater, Boulder. If you're in the atlanta area, I recommend the newest Alpharetta store on Mansell, or the Roswell store on Hwy.92 for wi-fi. For the tourists and in-town crowd, there's the Piedmont Park Caribou at 10th and Piedmont. Avoid the Buckhead store on Peachtree near Piedmont: it tends to attract smelly men, presumably of the homeless variety. I'm not sure why they're there, considering the priceiness of Buckhead, but I've run into them every time I've been there, getting nearly asphyxiated when sitting around the fire table. 