I never thought the day would come when I would not get excellent customer service at Tim Hortons, especially at the up-scale location on 23rd Avenue and Rabbit Hill Road in Edmonton. At about 4:20 p.m. on July 8th, 2004, we stopped at this location for coffee and muffins. I waited several minutes for service. When I was finally recognized, part of my order of one x-large coffee, black and one large coffee with cream and sugar was taken and read back to me completely opposite - one x-large coffee with cream and sugar and one large coffee, black. I corrected your server. The remainder of my order: one fruit explosion muffin and one blueberry muffin was keyed in and repeated back, in error - one blueberry muffin and one bran muffin. I corrected your server. I indicated that all of this was NOT TO GO and that I wished the muffins to be heated. She then proceeded to get the muffins and repeated my order (in error again!) indicating that I wanted a bran muffin (which I did not). I also tried to order a medium order of timbits. She asked me what kind of 40 (forty) I wanted. I corrected her again as the medium order is for 20 (twenty). I then paid for the order. She then retreived the ordered muffins and placed them on one plate and put them in the microwave oven and waited. In the meantime, unknown to me a second server had placed the coffees ordered on the counter to my far right. When the muffins had been heated, she gave them to me - no additional plate offered. As I did not see the filled coffee orders, I asked about them and was told they were on the side counter. The large coffee was in a glass coffee mug and the X-large coffee was in a paper cup with a lid. When I inquired why I had not received a coffee mug, I was told that x-large coffees were not served in coffee mugs because they didn't have any. I took my order to our table and decided that I wanted a glass coffee mug for my coffee and returned to the counter to obtain one. The server gave me one and after I was seated and about to pour my coffee in the mug, I noticed that the mug was dirty. I returned to the counter for a clean cup. I was given another which was also dirty and another which was not totally clean either and told that they are clean - all of them are like that and that's how they come out of the machine. I couldn't believe a clean cup would be that hard to come by. Obviously, the word 'clean' has a different conotation in every culture and seeing how she was from perhaps, the Phillipines or India, the standards she is accustomed to are not the standards to which I am used to being Canadian and of a middle eastern European heritage. The manager, stood right beside here at this point and did not seem to be bothered that there may be perhaps ONE disgruntled customer at the counter. Helpful comments to have satisfied customers is to: - have orders taken accurately - train your people - to start with, perhaps an English as a Second Language Class certificate of completion. - train your people on customer service - have a 'mystery shopper' frequent your shops - AND HAVE CONSEQUENCES FOR STAFF THAT DO NOT TAKE THE RESPONSIBILITY THEIR GIVEN OF PROVIDING THE VERY BEST THAT YOUR COMPANY ADVERTISES. Please respond. 