I am an employee at a CEC located in San Diego, CA. As an employee, I am not allowed to tell our customers off. However, here, I can. Soooo let's get to it. First of all, I cannot begin to explain how horrible some of you parents are. If you think CEC is some sort of day care, you are wrong. Those of you who let your kids run around screaming on the top of their lungs, I hope you would die. What parent let's their child scream and run inside a restaraunt? Please, tell your ugly kid to shut up and to change his underwear, he smells like sh*t. Next, this is for you incosiderate jerk offs that make a mess and just leave it for us employees to clean up. If you're one of these a holes who do this, leave a tip! We are a restaraunt. We buss your tables, leave a freaking tip. At ALL other restaraunts you leave a tip, what's the difference? None, that's what. Next. This is for you a holes who tell me how to do my job. Several times a night, some piece of s**t customer comes to me with a game problem and tries telling me what's wrong with it. You'e always wrong. Let me do my job, and I'll let you do yours which is being a P.O.S. parent. So stop giving me advice on how to fix something, I know how. So for those people, I have some advice for you, die. Next, people who complain about the food. First of all, go to hell. I'm sick and tired of hearing people complain about our food. If you don't like it, why do you buy it? Simple as that. If you're going to complain about our food, but continue to buy it, you should be burned at the stake. Next item: ticket counters. Those of you morons who can't get more than 15 tickets, you get ONE thing out of the 15 ticket category. Not 3 things out of the 1000 category, so make up your mind, shut up, and get out. Along these lines, if you don't speak english, please don't expect me to help you in any way. I won't. And if you want to talk to my manager, he's right here inbetween my index finger and my ring finger. Next, people, how difficult is it to keep parmesan cheese on the table? It's not! So do it. Don't let your stupid children throw it around. If you do, I will personally come and throw your child around. Next, if your child throws up, sh**s, or pisses ANYWHERE in the building, why should I have to clean it up? This is to all the parents of the childrens' excrements I have cleaned up in the past year, F.U.! Another thing, all CECs close at 10 PM. So get out at 10 PM. I think I should be able to kill the next person who stays in our building past ten o' clock. If I have described you in any of these issues, I hate you, and God hates you.