I have worked in the restraunt business in the past and also frequent many restaurants and was told by a couple of persons this was a good place. Here's how our night went. There were 8 of us and I called to put my name on the list. I was told that they do not accomodate parties over 7. They would seperate us int two groups but could not gaurantee we'd be seating at the same time or be seating near each other. My friends arrived before me and put their name in to be seating a a booth that seats 6 and the intent was to place two chairs at the end. Please note there were 8 tables of 4 in the restaurant. ADA regualations require that 5% of seating be available for handicapped. Why then did they not offer us two of the table together. Anyway we managed. Next on to the waiter, Joe. We typically had to ask sevral times for imtems (i.e. drinks, water, remove used dishes, glasses, et. Several of the orders placed were incorrect (HOld on, I'll get to that). A shared apatizer placed on table - had to ask for dishes. Had to then reask for drinks. Drinks came, no used glasses removed. Keep in mind there are eight of us at a table for six. Then the food comes and the server attempts to serve them with the now mounting used dishes and glasses still on the table. We cleard the dirty dishes and passed them to server so we could get the food. Three orders were incorrect. One was an incorrect side, which the person had to ask twice to have corrected. The second was incorrect side, but they didn't feel like waiting so the kept it. I had asked if I could get 1/2 stake tips and 1/2 ribs. Now hold on to your hats. The person next to me wanted her ribs cooked well done. So the server was nice enough to have all the ribs at the table cooked well. Next, my order came with a thin piece of steak (you remember, I had asked for the tips). After a good 15 minutes, I finaly got the waiter and told him of the mix up to which he asked did you want the tips? Given I got mashed potatoes in lieu of the sauted mushrooms/onions, I nicely requested that my food would be what I had ordered. Please note - I have worked in the food service running a cafeteria (clients 250 to 500) and also have waitressed, so I do feel I have first hand knowledge of how to deal with customers. Now, here's to fun part - the waiter returned witha dish and on the dish was my well done 1/2 rack of ribs, the by now cold mashed potatoes which I did not order and the piece steak (which I had not ordered) cut into 1/2 cubes and then covered with gravy and mushrooms and onions. I am, as I feel I should be, upset by this tactic. However, I am also gracious and very calmly called the waiter, Joe, over (this only took 10 minutes to find him) and nicely explained that I was very capable of cutting a steak into tiny pieces, if I had wanted a steak. Then he asked what should he do. I suggested he take away the steak and bring me the steak tips I had ordered. By this time my 7 friends were pretty much done eating. When mine dinner came back out, it honestly looked as if they took the steak and cooked it again in more gravy. My 7 friends and I get together once a year at Christmas. We've been doing this for nearly 14 years. We decided it would be nice to get together during the summer. This was our get together. I did speak with the manager not as a complaint but as a person who has been in the business and explained what had happened. I had indicated that typically when you have this type of business you want to make sure the customer immediately are offered cocktails and that the wait staff should be aware of empty glasses - not only to clear them but to refill them. I know in this business liguor sales are as important to the take as is the food., however, this unfortunate evening was a bust. Given there were 8 of us who have a lot of friends and relatives, I venture to say that the poor service and adequate meals (I'm sure the hot meals were problably better) is not good for your business. From a business pointof view if 5 or 10%of your customers each night have an such as ours, it does not look good for you overal revenue. Lastly, steak tips and totally different cut of meat than a thin piece of steak - even people who have not been in the business know that. Signed a dissapointed ex-customer 