Okay, well first I would like to say... is that I am a proud employee of the IHOP in Grand Junction, CO... it has to be one of the greatest places and working environments as well. Everyone is friendly, and yeah... we occasionally get a couple picky eaters but on average, 92% of our customers come back time and time again happy, and will always leave happy. Like the motto is... Come Hungry... Leave Happy! and thats one of the most important aspects that we live up to in our chain. Furthermore, I would like to describe my frustration at all you who just happen to be narcissiticly impossible to live with-cant be happy for anything-even if your life depended on it-god forsaken-hell bent on making our reputation BAD-picky-eccentric-unhappy people. You cant accept anything as gold or silver, because you are always expecting the higher standards that you cannot always get. You cannot have your cake and eat it too! Im sorry, but in my family I have always been taught to respect my peers, respect the things I do, and lastly respect myself!! I cannot stress enough of this following comment that some other person left: 3. tvtator , on 3/27/2004 5:16:00 PM, said: The IHOPs as it is known now that I've been in has some of the worst service. The waitresses are either dumb or rude. I've only had breakfast their, and their eggs, bacon and sausage isn't anything to praise about. But they make the best pancakes(delicious with fruit toppings and different syrups). Their crepes are very good, and so is their french toast(their stuffed french toast is to die for) Well... Id like to thank you for being at least a little courteous of our stuffed french toast. But... listen up... we are not dumb schmoes that work for a poorly staffed corporation or franchise. We happen to be one of the most respect of all Breakfast serving diners. And for your information, our servers are not dumb or rude. They might just be afraid to offend you higher class & picky-eccentricitical people, because she or he is proud of where they work, so may show a little shyness. They care too much about offending and causing trouble with you negative, and undeterminable-outstandingly witty customers who cannot praise anything... cut them some slack... and another thing: you say quote you've only eaten their (THERE) and their (THERE) servers are either 'dumb or rude' I happen to think much less of you know, because you must be just as less educated as you think our servers are because everybody knows that THEIR and THERE mean two whole different things... (well except maybe a second grader... but I do not know the highest level of education that you have completed now, so dont get me wrong!!). I happen to think that there are some people that just get a kick out of knocking a restaurant's business because maybe their newly hired server is just a tad shy, or their potato isnt baked to there expectations. But alas, their are other people that happen to enjoy there visit, and prosper each moment in our positive atmosphere. I hope you understand where us dumb and rude International House of Pancakes employees come from, since some people just do not have the patience to look at our hard work in trying to be only kind and curteous, since evidently only some people ARENT BLIND to see our hard personalities at work! 