Just what you would expect. Pre-fab attempt at making the genuine article, that, at best, is barely edible. At least it's dependable: you know you're very likely to get a very average meal, time after time. Nonetheless, superior to Domino's, which approximates a recipe that would be cooked up by some retard who never even saw a pizza before: a flavorless mere foodstuff that explodes in your stomach. The Little Caesar's I ate in was in North Carolina, and despite the fact the food was pretty mediocre, it was still even better than that other ptomaine chain, Pizza Hut. The only pizza chain that serves up a product worth eating is Papa John's, but their market penetration is modest. Thus, I feel sorry for folks who live outside of the prime pizza-making corners of this country (Northeast, Chicagoland, West Coast) since the local and chain products elsewhere are usually so godawful. Is it the water in the so-called Heartland that gives the crust that matzo-like or doughy texture? Is it that the food processing companies outside of the NE, Chicagoland and the West Coast don't know how to make decent cheese or tomato sauce that doesn't taste like varnish? Or is it that the culinary mongoloids in the Heartland just can't figure out how to assemble the ingredients properly? I don't know. I do know that making good quality pizza is very simple, hardly haute cuisine, yet 2/3 of the American population can't get ahold of a pizza that a NYC pigeon would eat. But that's another problem with living in the Heartland: the indiginous, independent restaurant really doesn't exist out there to any great extent as most of your dining options are one insipid chain after another. It's in the abovementioned civilized corners of the country where you find restauranteurs who know what they're doing, who are creative, inventive and set standards of quality that are sorely lacking out in the backwaters. When you get off the beaten track, there are decent places to eat essentially wherever you go, only they don't exist in any great number. That's why when most Americans go out to eat, they opt for Little Caesar's, Denny's, The Olive Garden, Applebee's, Outback Steakhouse, the crapburger outlets, etc. This is par for the course, as your typical American has only the vaguest notion as to what constitutes good food, so Little Caesar's serves a purpose to those unfortunates who don't live where the action is.