As for the training issue I believe that it varies from store to store. There is a series of classes, videos and workbooks that an employee is supposed to complete for every level of BBV employment (i.e. CSR, SL, ASM etc.). Most stores require these to be finished in a reasonable amount of time others may not. As for movie knowledge training employees recieve five free rentals a week. But just like everyone else BBV people have likes and dislikes so some employees will only watch certain types of films. Others will branch out. To the folks who are unhappy about certain types of movies not having as much inventory room (i.e. classics, educational, etc.) it is simply because those titles do not rent out as well and are not as profitable. Store only have a certain amount of space to keep movies. Titles and genres that do not generate enough revenue are removed to make way for ones that do. For example- Lately there has been a surge in popularity of Anime- to reflect that the Anime section in our store is rapidly gaining size. As for late fees my best advice is keep your reciept. The name of each movie and the day it's due is listed there. Walk your movies into the store and have an employee check them in right then. They can tell you right away if your movie is late or not and why. BBV actually has a 2 hour grace period. Movies are due at Noon but if you walk them in at 12:30 and ask an employee to check them in you will not be late (unless you are returning them at 12:30 a day after they were due.) The thing that throws most people about the latefees is that the day you rent them counts as the first day. So you rent a 2 day release on Thursday- on the red cover it say due on the 3rd day by noon Thursday is day one, Friday is day 2, Saturday is day three. So Saturday by noon. The time of the day the movie rented out has no bearing on the day or time it is due. BBV does not operate in 24 hour days- if you rent a 2 day movie on Thursday at Midnight it is still due back by Noon on Saturday. I hope this helps. 