I've read some of the concerns addressed about Hollywood Video; most of them ranging from neglegent late charges to an unfriendly staff. Let me remind you (for those of you complaining about the unfriendly staff) about the employees at Hollywood. They aren't brought it from Hollywood corporate and dispursed among the different store locations; believe it or not, they are people who live in your home town. That's right, your home town; your neighbors! Now, if you just so happen to live in a town where not everyone is friendly... use your common sense and figure out whether or not the employees are going to be friendly. With that aside, Hollywood Video's mission statement includes a little something about providing an exceptional guest experience. All employees are encouraged to greet and thank all guests at all times. Now, if an employee doesn't do this, is it Hollywood's fault? It's the employees lack of doing his or her job. As a member of the management of our store (yes, I work at Hollywood Video), I'd like to share one little bit of experience. I've dealt with upset customers more times than anyone should have to. I do my best to clear any late fees that are in anyway questionable or personaly search for a movie that isn't returned when the guest feels that it was returned. If your local Hollywood store doesn't have a team of employees that do this, I'm sorry, but that team isn't quite up to par. Bashing the Hollywood name is unjust, and believe me, would you like me to come to your office and chew you out? If I don't goto your place of employment and chew you out, why would you do the same to me? It's a movie store for pete's sake! Act a little more mature and I guarantee you, your visit will be more pleasant. I usually void more than 3-5 late fees per 8 hour shift that I work when there's doubt on either party's part. Do you think I'd void those fees if you're all pissed off at me, or rather if you were understanding and polite? For those of you who enjoy Hollywood Video, I thank you very much. You are the guests that make my day much more enjoyable! Also, if you have a problem, take it up with a Shift Director, Assistant Store Director, or even the Store Director. We'd be more than happy to make it more enjoyable for you! If you want to see a great Hollywood Video store in action, come visit us in Cedar City, Utah. 