There are a few good people at Kays but they are hard to find. Sales people are are given daily goals. Since commission is based both on meeting the stores goals and total dollar sales the sales person is always going to start at the ticket price. The following discounts are for can be offered by all associates with out any manager or higher approval. Certified diamonds-10% All other diamond, precious, and non-precious gemstones-25% Gold(except wedding bands)-50% Watches-25% This discounting policy hold true at most other chain jewelry retailers. Sales items if you look closely have already been adjusted to this percent exactly by their category with only soon to be discontinued items at a higher percent. If the item has a green tag it can be discounted to 40% without approval, blue tag 60%. If a sales person tells you an item is not on sale they are lying. Remeber these people have goals to meet some sale is better than no sale as it translates to some commission as opposed to none. If you try to barter outside these parameters at these stores you will fail most but not all of the time. If you often buy expensive items you have more bargaining room the manager will see you as the most valuable customer even at higher discounts you are a higher dollar value customer than someone who buys smaller at full price. Diamond shows and mounting shows are worthless, an outside vendor is used so kays is buying at cost so the markup has to be really high for the outside vendor to make good profits. You can get similar mounting from kays for much less. As for the whole one a kind bs it is exactly that bs. If they have one they can order another and most of the popular ones they get back before they reach the next store. As for repairs and warranties, it depends on the jewelery. Cheap jewelry since the warranties are cheaper and the jewelry is likely to need more repair is worth it. Real expensive jewelry stone replacement would cost a whole lot more than if you spring for the warranty. This is great feature just make sure that you get them inspected on time up to a month early is fine. All other repairs if you have the warranty they cost you nothing, if you dont by the time you pay the mark up on the repairs more than once you probably could have bought the warranty. Don't want the warranty? Buy smart wear smart. Opals should be worn for show. They are a horrible everyday stone as they are brittle and should not be exposed to anything stronger than warm water. Emeralds are another gem that requires great care. It is a soft gem that breaks easily and can be damaged by even mild cleaning products. Four prong rings showcase more of the stone but if even 1 prong breaks or 2 come loose stone loss is likely. Six prongs 2 can break and unless they are side by side stone loss is unlikely, loose prongs stone loss is very unlikely but stone will rattle and may sit crooked. Some chains are not designed to be repaired, small link, twisted link, and herringbone chains all leave an obvious scar when repaired. If you are buying a necklace it will likely come on a cheap stock chain dtich it and get a new one. Box links chains are the sturdiest of the delicate chains and will still keep the attention on the stone. Quite a few people from Kays have had me buy their engagement rings b/c I could get a better deal for them even though they can buy at a little over what Kays says is cost. The good things about kays that keeps them from a 1 rating is their stone warranty is second to none. And in some cases worth the extra money even if you can get a similar ring elsewhere for less. They are owned by the largest retail jeweler in the world so they can offer better retail prices on better quality merchandise than most other jewelers. The flip side of that is they don't need you as a customer nearly as much as you might like to think. Their annual earnings are such that even if you bought a million dollar ring you are still just a drop in the pond.(though you would likely get extroidinary customer service if you did)Their upgrade program can be worked to your advantage. A cheap diamond ring from K-mart or somewhere similar will like ly be given a much higher trade-in value than you actually purchased it for if you are buying a more expensive item. To end those of you who are totaly happy with Kays might not feel the same if you knew exactly what the real cost of your jewelry was. (suckers!)