January 3, 2006: As a follow-up to this situation, it was finally resolved thanks to Mr. Van Wagner who I think is wasting his talents with that company. It seems that his job is "fireman", dealing with so many unhappy people. I received my new ring and am very disappointed. The diamond is not the same quality as the damaged ring and they changed manufacturers, so it is visually different with more prong showing than diamond. I have become so tired of dealing with it all . . . that I just need to let it all go and remember what NOT to do when dealing with my own customers and where NOT to shop for jewelry. My husband thought I was a fool for going to a "mall jeweler' anyway. November 8, 2005: I purchased a ring for over $2600 from Whitehall Jewellers in Pleasanton, CA. The transaction was handled by Zarisa Nawabi who was the salesperson in conjunction with another young lady. This purchase was made on July 7th 2005. The ring was left at the jewellers for resizing. Two weeks later I picked up the ring. Within 7 days, diamonds starting falling out and so I contacted the store. I was told that I could not return the ring because it was 'altered' (meaning resized). I was not made aware that resizing voided that part of the warranty. My husband then contacd the district sales manager Larry Van Wagner to resolve the issue. Mr. Wagner informed us that a memo was sent to all the stores informing all personnel that the ring was not to be resized because of the design and that stones falling out would occur. I was never made aware of this at the time of purchase and as a matter of fact, Ms. Nawabi suggested that I get it sized for my ring finger (I was considering it for my middle finger which fit perfectly). We made arrangements with Mr. Wagner to have the ring re-ordered and was told that it was done at the beginning of August. since then I have not been contacted by Whitehall but have taken the initiative to call them on numerous occassions. I was told that the custom sized ring would be available for me mid-September. When I called in mid-September I was told the end of September. Then at the end of September I was told by Wade (the store manager) that I needed to relax and I would be called when it came in. I called again in Mid October and was going to be called back. No one ever called me back. I called again a few weeks later and was told that it would be in 'soon', but they could give me no specific date. So, I went in to the store uesterday (November 7th) and was told they did not know when it would come in. When I expressed by unhappiness and wanted a definite answer I was told that the ring was my problem. I have now called Mr. Larry Van Wagner two times and have not received a call back. 