I would like to comment about the negative experience I had recently at the Whitehall Jewerly store in the Cary Town Center Mall, North Carolina. May I begin by stating that I have enjoyed my gold chain with pearl pendant bought for me as a gift last August from one of your Naples Florida locations. A fare-well present from my former co-workers. However, upon needing an extremely minor repair, I was hasseled beyond comprehension by the North Carolina Cary branch to have this simple repair done. The pearl pendant needed the pearl to be re-attached. In order for Cary Whitehall Jewelers to comply with my uncomplicated request, they required several lengthy computer searches of some type and most bizzarrely, two phone calls to Naples Florida. One of these calls required me to list the names of the five or more individuals who may have been responsible for the original purchase. While your two employees were busy with all their searches, it gave me the opportunity to browse through your rolodex-type cards on the sales counter explaining how the father began the jewerly business and then two brother continued it. It stated repeatedly that Whitehall Jewelers were all about product quality and most assuredly, customer satisfaction. Too bad the latter is completely lacking and both father and brothers i believe would have been extremely dissappointed. In the time that all of this nonsense went on, my repair could have been completed and I would have left a happy, satisfied customer and perhaps a future sale for Whitehall Jewelers. But now instead I have to go back in 4-5 days to pick up my necklace after already having wasted so much of my and Whitehall Jewelers time. Please be informed that this unfortunate encounter has been discussed at a recent dinner with at least 8 other adults present. It was sadly concluded by all that customer service is, without a doubt, a thing of the past. My incident at Cary Whitehall Jewelers was just another unfortunate, yet ever more common example.