as a radioshack employee for almost 2 years i can say that a lot of things that are being said here are true, but some are just plain stupid. First, to the former employees who say that the pay at radioshack sucks..you must not be any good at selling anything so you probably shouldnt have been working there in the first place. I average about 15 dollars an hour and i work in a relatively small store that hasnt had a sales gain in over a year. My g/f works in another RS and she averages about 20 $/hr. My sister also works for RS and averages about 18 $/hr. so i dont know what you guys were doing but this is one of the best jobs. not to mention that hours can go by without a customer coming in and we have all the satellite channels to watch. :) Second, for the people that say that RS employees dont know anything....We have tons and tons of products in our stores and it is impossible to know everything about all of them..we take tons of certifications on several products but not all of them. from time to time someone may come into the store with a question i dont know but that doesnt mean i dont know anything...Unlike other stores, We dont have people specialized in one section only..we have to try and learn everything in the store...its not easy! but we will gladly look it up for you! Hey im glad to help any customer that is going to buy something from me. Third, to the people who hate being bugged when they go in a store...HELLO!!! its a store and the employees work on commission! If you worked at RS you would act the same way. We make our money by selling things but if u tell any person that u dont need help or dont want help im sure that person will understand and leave u alone...if not...ur opinion is justified. And last, for the people that dont like the return or exchange policy...what do u expect? Tell me one store that will exchange a 5 month old product that comes with a 90 day warranty? None! thats why the warranty says 90 days! and what store doesnt take forever with repairs? i went to best buy and dropped off a dvd player to be repaired and a month and a half later it was done. You are not the only person having their item repaired. its going to take some time. oh i forgot. not all RS employees are the same. Personally i try to figure out if the customer is trying to buy the correct item before i sell it to them. I have had a lot of people coming in trying to buy an s video cable because they said their dvd player wont work without it..i tell them that the yellow rca cable will work fine but that they dont have the tv in video mode. and when a customer comes in with a broken cell phone, the first thing i ask them is wether they have insurance or not. if they do all they have to do is pay the insurance company the deductible and not buy a cell phone from me....so dont judge all the RS employees by a few bad encounters youve had. we arent all the same. and last again..if u dont want to give out ur info....GIVE A FAKE NAME!!!! im sure they wont know the difference or wont care....thats just our job. 