I have been shopping at Whitehall Jewlers for at least 15 years now. Until now I have been very happy with their honesty and service. My wife and I have been looking at the WHITESTAR diamonds, but was looking for something in a VS quality. Their district manager happened to be at the store and was telling me about the VS quality diamond they found for me. I have a lot of trust in the folks at Whitehalls because of the years that I have been doing business with them. They told me that all of the WHITESTAR diamonds were "Ideal Cut", and they found me a diamond that was of the color and clarity I wanted. After I had made the down payment on the diamond (feeling good about my purchase) I went to a resturant in the mall to order some Chinese takout for my wife and I. While I was waiting I looked over the diamond certificate and found that the depth of the diamond was very poor (I was surprised since they told me their WHITESTARS were "IDEAL CUT". I immediately went back to the store and spoke with the district manager who said they would check on this and call me back tomorrow. After lunch the next day I called the store, and asked for them to have the district maanger call me. When I spoke with the manager he knew that I had caught them in a lie, and said they would give me my money back. I let them know how disappointed I was that I would now miss my wifes anniversary due to their lack of customer service. I asked the district manager for his bosses phone number, but the only number he would give me was the customer service numbe. They did not answer when I called, but when (or if) they call me back I plan on letting them know just how I feel about their customer service. I have never seen a company care less about their customers. The district manager was more than willing to give me my money back, and let me go as a customer (that tells me that they hold very little value in their customers). I spend between 2'4K per year with these people, and now I wish I would have seen the light sooner. Very pissed off. 