If you didn't know, the rules are... if you love Lowe's you hate Home Depot. If you hate Lowe's you love Home Depot. I don't know for sure who made those rules but you probably better follow them just incase because I don't think you can get into heaven unless you do. It's one of those Ford / Chevrolet things. As far as helpful, friendly and organized, I think it has more to do with how old the store is instead of if it is Lowe's or Home Depot. The newer ones are always more organized and the staff less knowledgeable. The older the store the less likely they are to track you down to ask if you need help. As a general rule: I think Lowe's had placed special emphasis on the employees helping customers. This seems clearly the case, however, it breaks down when it comes to the number of checkers needed. They always seem to be a little stingy on the number of checkout stands they open. When things are really dead and there is only one checker open they may wait until there is a line of 10 people before opening up a new line. Home Depot has a better electrical department than Lowe's. Lowe's has a better selection of metal for those of us that like to do some minor welding and building of metal projects. Home Depot has a better selection of street number signs. I know, I know... but they do and you just wait until you need an address for your house and your tune will sure change! I like Home Depot power tools better but Lowe's sometimes has some great deals in that department. I like Lowe's outdoor items better and think they always have a larger selection. Wood? Now that's a hard one. It seems that over the years the trees don't grow as straight as they use to. Lumber ain't what it use to be. I think Lowe's has the best prices and Home Depot has the best lumber.... but that can change from week to week. I believe that Lowe's tends to keep bowed, cupped, split, lumber on the shelf longer in hopes someone will want bad lumber. I like Lowe's automatic sprinkler selection and has Home Depot beat to shreds if you want to buy any hose by the foot. Ditto, Rope and twine. They are so very close that it is hard to determine the best and I suspect this varies from community to community. If you have an older house and are doing "repairs" (instead of refurbishments-remodeling) your best bet is to go to the local mom & pop (even Ace/TrueValue Hardware) "first." Many times they will have a much less expensive "solution" although as a general rule they are higher for most things. 