I worked at Friedman's in Wilmington, North Carolina in the mall and it was absolutely horrible. The company treats you like crap and the merchandise is even more horrible!! I got used to having customer complaints about the quality of the jewlery, and I tried to remedy the situations but we as employees can only do so much,but a hint is to talk to a District Manager, they are always available, and all have cell phones, or demand the home office number, the reason they will not give it out is because if it goes higher than the D.M then he gets chewed out!!! So he/she will do ANYTHING to make you happy even if you have had your item for five years!! The bad thing is that they will in turn take it out on employees. The company is facing multiple lawsuits (look it up online), stocks are down and vendors are recalling their jewelry because Friedman's is not PAYING for it. The store I worked for (OUR HOME OFFICE IN GEORGIA) wrote a bad check to one of our jewelers, and it was for I think $12!! The merchandise is very low quality, and that is the real reason they are the value leader guarantee Lower prices mean lower quality in diamonds, that is the absolute truth!!!Yes,there are one day sales every other weekend and the credit is easy, but now the banks have put pressure on the company to tighten credit guidelines because of the amount of bad debt. Make sure you ask for a 10x loupe for all diamonds because a little rule of thumb with Friedman's is to use a 5x because you can't see the inclusions as well. I never liked that, and I did not do that. I had my own loupe and encouraged customers to really look deep because the inclusions do seem to get bigger, like one poster said , but the fact is that when a diamond gets dirty, with oils from skin and lotions, etc, the imperfections become more apparent, and do not fall for the line An inclusion is like a birthmark... They do have some nice colored stone collections, and the genuine stones are not chemically treated like some other companies, but be careful when looking for diamonds!!! Make sure to ask for certification because some of the rings ARE NOT certified, although you can purchase a generic Pre Market Appraisal for $29 ( it is a picture from a database with general info such as the average color, clarity and such, NOT of the actual item!!!!) So take it from a former employee of almost four years, be ver careful. I will not purchase anything from them. I hope this helps!!! 