If you need an advertisment why NOT to shop at home depot, let me write the script. Yesterday, saturday, I went to the local home depot to try to find a pop up sprinkler for my lawn that would extend over some shrubs that have grown up and are now blocking the exisiting sprinkler from doing its job. Not a major task. When I got to the store, the sprinkler system aisle was packed with do-it-yourselfers like myself trying to find their way amidst the long rows of Toro, Rain Bird, and orbitz..or whatever. There was not a Home Depot employee in sight. My efforts to track someone down lead no where. The person who handled the section was not on duty at the time. And even if he were, there were so many people in need of assistance, I would have to wait 30 minutes help...and then only get one chance at asking the right question. So, I tried to figure out what I would need myself. When I got home I discovered that I needed a special coupling to make the sprinkler work. Frustrating. So the next day I drove the 7 miles to the Home Depot store. This time there was someone on duty and after trying to find the coupler myself, he led me to it. I would never have found it on my own since it was in an box without a picture ID on the outside. Back home I discovered that the item I had bought on the first day was not the right type of sprinkler. It was more designed for shrubs with a short radius. That means that tomorrow I will have to make my 3rd trip to Home Depot to return some of the items I bought on the first day and start all over again. This has ruined an otherwise nice weekend for me. Morale of the story is that the reason Home Depot has better prices is probably because they don't hire enough knowledgable people to service their customers. They keep their costs low buy not hiring enough people to service their customers....sort of the Costco Model. Only at Costco, I usually know what I am buying. I don't need advice on buying a case of Coke or a big jar of pickles. There is a local hardware store nearby. Everytime I've gone in there someone always greets me when I come in and asks if they can help me. You pay a little more, but after three days and three trips to Home Depot with gas runnig $2.60 a gallon, I'm going to come out ahead getting the right advice the first time around I give Home Depot and F for service 