I am a walmart associate, I have read many,many posts on how bad people thinks walmart is... Please let me tell you, it isn't as bad as people make it out to be.. A lot of the ones who complain about working at walmart, are these little teenagers, who think they can just sit around and do nothing. The sales floor associates jobs are hard work. We donot just straighten the merchandise and then wait for a customer to ask us for help.. NO we stock our shelves, we pull freight to the floors, we help unload trucks, we cover other departments.. It never fails when an associate needs to climb the ladders to put merchandise on the top shelves, some ridiculous customer will just have to come down that aisle, knock up against the ladder. Or for some reason the customers can't put things back on the shelves where they belong, I had a mother last week come in and was tearing open the package on a Batman toy, she wanted to make sure it wasn't broke, before she bought. By the time she got through destroying the package she had broken the entire thing.. I told her she better never let me catch her in my department again opening products.. Then there are parent who let their kids crap in the floor, and we associates have to clean it up. What about the teenagers who come to walmart for their make out sessions. Then there are the idiots who feel the need to play ball in the middle of the store or ride bicycles all over the store... you are putting other customers in danger. This is the reason walmart stores are cluttered and dirty looking, not because of the emloyees, but because of the customers. Walmart associates have to put up with a lot of ridiculous things from customers, sometime you get us on a bad day.. sometimes you don't. As far as management is concerned,, as long as you come in and do what is expected of you for the days work, no one bothers you. If it is a project that you feel you will need help with, we tell our management and they make sure we have the help we need. They never ask for more than they know we will be able to accomplish for the day. the only thing they ask of us. is to make sure we leave no buggies full of merchandise on the floor when we leave at night.... So, if you think walmart is so bad, think again... the customers are the problem.. 