Ok so work at wal*mart and I think it s a great place to work yet I have some answers for some of the people on the message board. GODisRIGHT2 Superstore for inbred flag wavers, war mongers, and Bush lovers First of all I hate the American Government I don t like waving flags I am against war and most of all didn t even vote for Bush in the first place. Don t why don t you get you facts straight.. Springsteen80sbaby, Yes the people who go to wal*mart are rude but the people that work there are nice the problem is upper management they make all the decisions we just do what we are told. The Stores a mess because people that shop there aren t the cleanest people in the world when then wait in line they just put food and other memorabilia on the shelf that has an empty space where it doesn t belong. Yeah the lines are long because you people choose the wrong times to go especially on Saturday and Sunday when everyone and their Grandma goes. If you went on Tuesday or Wednesday in the afternoon maybe it wont be so busy. ange6833om If you think you could do a better job in the pets why don t you get a job and try to work that department. It s a B**ch to work back there monkey see monkey do when one person wants a fish everyone wants a damn fish its hard to keep up with all the I want this and want that when you are trying to clean the fish tanks and take care of the animals. We ll see whos doing all the whining when the tables are turned. kevmoore44 Not all wal*mart employees are rude. When you see a wal*mart associate walking through the clothing section I bet your that person that asks wheres this and wheres that then you notice that they are a cashier or a customer service desk representative because their vest says so and yet you want help and they have no clue how to help you but they try their best to. Some employees are disinterested especially when some one with EBT comes through their register and the person on welfare says something stupid like, If it wasn t for me this company wouldn t be here and that hard working employee says to him/her self No you wouldn t be here if I had to pay taxes and pay for your donated food. Walmart employees are just as human as you are there is no difference. If you had to be around sweaty stinky shoulder to shoulder whiny people for 8 hours you would be just as irritable. Tntl6047om I am a cashier at Wal*mart and my IPH is always 832 that is 832 items per hour I for one am not slow and am a wonderful asset to my company. Plus my customers love me they always tell my managers that I kick *ss. jean5157om You said that it was the worst customer service that you ever had I m sorry that our job doesn t include getting on our knees and kissing your *ss. Had we have treated you like royalty would you have gotten on you knees returned the favor and kissed mine. I didn t think so. Hey We don t go to where you work and SLAP THE D*CKS OUT OF YOU MOUTH DO WE! By the way Wal*mart is a good place to work when your are in college...