It's retail outlets like this, K-Mart and that atrocious Wal-Mart that have been the major impetus on the destruction of family businesses and the evisceration of downtown areas all over the country. The recipe? Retailer buys in tremendous, awesome bulk, sells product in huge, centrally located outlets, resists unionization of workers in a big way to keep down labor costs, pays peanuts to the losers who work there, forces those losers to put in non-paying hours off the clock, hires illegal aliens by the score, and gains tax-forgiveness and other favors from knuckleheaded hick local officials, mostly in small cowflop towns, by means of heavy-handed economic terrorist coersion. This is more the typical of Wal-Mart, but poorer cousins Target and K-Mart employ very similar approaches. Between the efforts of these monoliths, more Mom and Pop operations have bitten the dust in the past decade than for any other reason, downtown shopping areas, which were beleagured to begin with, took another coffin nail, and real estate development sprawl continues apace, as Target and other super-retailers usually trail along in their area other businesses (i.e., pukey fastfood restaurants) that the public hardly needs. In this, the presence of Target, Wal-Mart or K-Mart in a community denies local residents a fighting chance to own and operate their own retail businesses profitably, and imposes a form of economic serfdom on those in the area labor pool. Since most of the local economies outside of the Northeast, West Coast and Chicagoland suck big time, jobs at Target/Wal-Mart/K-Mart are the best game in town, which is pretty lame and depressing, and the prime option for the clods living in these backwaters is to march off to the local super-retailer to treadmill away as low-end wage slaves. Now, that's opportunity!!! The best thing that can be said about the super-retailers is that they made that other dubious American commercial initiative, the Shopping Mall, obsolete. Thank goodness!!! Yet the droolers and mind-wiped shovelheads flock out to these super-retailers, zombie-like, and why? They can get a good price on unnecessary, superfluous crap that the TV told them to go out and buy. Yes Master. That's the American Way, folks, and it's enough to make you vomit.