hi , J531 STINKS EVERY ONE IS LEAVING OR QUITTEN THE MANAGER AND CO MANAGER SHEILA DON,T CARE ABOUT NO ONE THEY DID NOT EVEN GIVE THERE EMPLOYEES A CHRISTMAS GIFT , WE GAVE $20 FROM THE FRONT END CASHIERS, FRO ABOUT 9 EMPLOYEES IN FRONT END ONLY. THEY TOOK ARE UNION DUES OF $28.00 EVERY MONTH , BUT WE DON,T GET HELP FROM THE SO CALLED UNION NO nogotiation since 1992 there getting every body money, were getting tired of a so called union we pay every month and still we can,t do anything about it ) the store is dirty and management gets on every one they cut people hrs from 40hrs to 15 maybe if were lucky . go in every othetr nite only 3 hr shifts that really stupid !please help the union is taking money from employees we figure $4000.00 from are store .help bartonville lets get out the managers of krogers they get away with things and very unoganized this store is crap.i try to talk to person called sheila she works co-manager what this woman or whatever ) how did this person ever make co-manager ! whats going on she did no anything about i tried . the cashier said were all out and she told her are you sure! then gave an angry look!another person said we are out! she said that the other person said she called. well this is where its getting down from.the little gal tried to tell her they were out, she did not believe her, but arond 10 min later the co manager said to some one that she talked to her . so the guy came up and we can give you this onefor the same price this one is for! she so sorry for the problem, i said did talk to the sweet one that was on u-scan i know her name i could,nt remember at the time.yes i told her that u called there wasn,t any. she said she would have a talk with the girl and tell her she should of told me! wait a min she did tell u they did not .you are the one u start listen to what she said. she walked away said she will take care of it!i was still there when she said so sorry,i.ll be right back at that time another person took my money,i stayed to find outif she got in trouble,well she came from where she was at ,she can,t hide the tears this girl was really hurt !all of the employees wonder what happen!this girlwould,nt say anything or do anything there really trying to break her. this girl it was not nothin what happen the brown headed so called madeher feel worthless ,that sickens me !kroger is not good there terrible people runnin the damm place don,t shop please there to high and no good union thats likes taking there money, thats not been there since 1992, sorry employees we the customers will not shop till they do something for everyone in bartonville il get rid of krogers please help the employees til they get a better union and better management.help 