From 11/94-10/01, I was a bagger at Kroger in Lexington, KY. I agree with Stebbins61 on the clean-ups and carts. One time I had to clean up dog doo on the floor. I'm not being mean here, but if blind people HAVE to bring their dogs into the store, they should have one of those things on their dogs to catch the poop in; that's really disgusting! What really upset me thougyh about having to work there is that some baggers got away with a lot of stuff but if I tried it, I'd have gotten fired in a New York second: Pulling no shows-I would have to do their cart duty for them probably twice in a row. Not that I minded it, but it's the principle of pulling the no show and not calling in. Lunches/breaks-the office people would get mad at me for not taking it because someone scheduled my cart duty when I was supposed to take a lunch or break; I'd have to take it when I could take it. One kid spent half an hour on his 15-minute break and they didn't even say anything to him. That was sometimes why i couldn't get my break/lunch on time! Sexual harassment-I was never a victim, but I've seen it happen and right in front of the management, but they don't do anything. One boy in particular kept grabbing the girls and hugging them and they didn't want him to. The office people and management just ignored him because he wasn't right. Customers do not want to see that! baggers not being at their stations- Once, I had to do a very unpleasant task because a MALE bagger wasn't there to do it. I had to take a lady out that was in real bad shape and I wasn't skilled in physical therapy. I couldn't pick her up and put her in the car, so she just held on to me. That scared me so bad that when I saw her coming the next time, I just ran off to the back until she left. Cart Duty-I liked doing it because it gave me a chance to get out in the fresh air, but sometimes it was very unpleasant. In the extremely hot summer, I would come in and they would have their air conditioners wide open. I had (and still have) bad sinuses. When that cold air hit me in the face, I thought I was going to pass out, or I felt like my head was going to explode. In the winter, it was very cold and they had the heat wide open. When it rained and it was lightning really bad, I had to stay out there the whole hour because if I came in, they would tell me in a very loud voice to get back out there. That little poncho thing was not enough to keep me from getting soaked. They would not have another bagger to go out and help me. When people would get sticky stuff on the carts, the yellow jackets would swarm and I was afraid of getting stung because I'm allergic to bee stings. Some employees, especially the office people, are very snooty. If you were to pass out in the floor, they would just walk over you because you were not a customer. They also talk to you like you are a dog. Sorry for rambling, but just thought you should know. I had to quit because my dad got sick and I needed a rest. I was so worried about my dad that I did not have the presence of mind to ask for a leave of absence; I think they took advantage of me. When I try to get the job back, they won't hire me back. I do not have the skills to do anything else but that. I'm trying to get a job mailing circulars from home. At least that way, I won't have to keep putting up with theit crap. Whenever people would ask me about prices and why they were not right, I'd politely tell them that the office would straighten it out. I was not one of the people that stood talking to the cashier or the other baggers. I minded my own business and kept my mind on my work. People would tell my mom and the office people that they liked the way I bagged their groceries and wonder why I'm not getting hired back. Another thing I hated was doing price checks. Don't they have a little button they can push and then scan it? If I couldn't find the item on the shelf and spent a long time at it, the customer would leave. And they call the baggers RUDE! At the store in Lexington they have rotten fruit, leave spills on the floor for a long time (even though they put up CAUTION signs, big help THAT is!), and it sometimes stinks of sour milk in the dairy, but they say they can't do anything about that. 