JC Penney's web site has atrocious shipping problems and uses deceptive order/billing and shipping practices. Furthermore, it does not allow the consumer to know which shipping carrier is being used until AFTER the purchase is complete. On 12/17 I placed an order and chose "Standard Shipping - $20.95" because I was promised Christmas Delivery if I used that option. "Order by December 19th, 2005 and use our standard home or store delivery service for in-stock items delivered within the continental United States." I was charged the $20.95 for Standard Shipping AND $15.75 for tax on the mdse, as well as tax on the shipping: All items in my $200 order were In-Stock. What JC Penney did was use FED EX HOME DELIVERY! That is even worse than FedEx Ground, if that is possible. Fed Ex ruined it's smooth running operation when it broke up into separate "companies" a la Fed Ex Ground and Fed Ex Home Delivery. These are now separate entities. I discovered that when I made the mistake of using FedEx Ground a year ago and a three-day delivery took 18 days. And FedEx explained to me they were no affiliated with Ground, it was a separate company and to take my problem to Ground. I never used it again. I ALWAYS GO BROWN. The package has STILL NOT arrived AND FedEx Home Del does not return to work until Wed 12/28. IF and WHEN this package with #200 worth of Christmas gifts ever arrives, Christmas is over. I knew better than to trust the failing JC Penney but because the web site and phone support I called to confirm my web order both promised delivery by Christmas - I mistakenly trusted their word. It was advertised all over the web site and in emails to me, the consumer. JC Penney does not allow you to choose your shipper and they state on the web site and on each other that they use UPS, USPS, FedEx Ground, FedEx Home Delivery. The customer is not allowed to choose which shipper, unless you want overnight, of course. What they do is trick you into ordering/lie about which method your order will be shipped. Because JC Penney promised delivery by Christmas if I chose the $20.95 Standard Shipping method it never occurred to me I was being mislead or that they would use the fake-Fed Ex Home Delivery. I will never shop JC Penney again. 