I thought Netflix would be perfect for me! I started noticing right away that it took over a week for me to receive the movie and only two days for them to get it back from me. When I asked them about the discrepancy, they said I wasn't in the US mail databank. I called my post office and they said I certainly was, he was looking right at it on the monitor! Then I started getting empty mailers from time to time. I faithfully reported them, even though they put an ominous pay for it button beside each title on my queue. Who in the world would pay for something they didn't receive. Didn't that imply that I was stealing them? Meanwhile, I would have to wait another week for them to send a replacement title. I averaged 4-6 movies per month whether I sent them back promptly the next day or kept them a while! The claim was unlimited DVD's a month (3 out at a time - $19.95) and there was no way to get more than 6 a month with their turn-around-time. I started writing the dates I received each DVD and the dates I sent them back on the part you tear off of each mailers. After a year of repeatedly reporting EMPTY mailers to Netflix (and my post office as well) and asking the company to consider a sturdier mailer (it's a very THIN, flimsy, PAPER mailer with paper seals that are often missing or broken) they put my account on hold because my queue had 6 DVDs still missing. I reported more than that and returned them faithfully when a few of them eventually showed up. Netflix apologized and had repeatedly replied to my complaints of empty mailers that these missing DVDs were not my fault. Then without warning they put my account on hold as if the never received DVD's WERE my fault. I'm a person who values my integrity and I believe in fairness overall. I'm really dissapointed in Netflix, I thought I'd found the perfect solution for me. I've read where other people are happy with their service, but usually they've only been with Netflix for a few months. Also, they're probably like me, they feel bad themselves when a DVD is missing. I know it's silly, but I'm really upset that this anonymous company is implying that I'm stealing movies and it's frustrating that there is no way for me to prove my innocence. My husband is more cynical, he thinks they make a practice of just sending out empty mailers because they're really out of the more popular movies and they know I'll have to report them missing so it looks like their holding up their end. Oh, I didn't even mention the wait time on the more popular and current movies! Oh well, I've probably said more than enough already. Maybe you'll be lucky and not have these problems. Maybe you won't have this feeling of not being able to prove you've done nothing wrong except to hope for a great solution to renting movies. Karen