I work at a Dillard's and have some things to share which could give some of you who encountered problems in the past some insight The reason salespeople tend to be so unknowledgeable and possible rude is that the turnover is HUGE, especially at the store I work at. I have worked in my department for a couple of years now and I've seen about thirty individuals come and go. The longest anyone has ever stayed in this department is two and a half years, which is not long at all. Why is turnover so bad? Depending on the company, retail has some high turnover rates, but management here treats their employees like absolute garbage! My ASM (area sales manager) in particular sits in her office all day, literally avoids her subordinates, (especially when they have important questions) and avoids work in general. When she is around, she sits at the makeup counters gossiping with counter managers and yells at others who are talking with eachother. If someone is out of their area, regardless of reson, ASMs scream at them as if they are children, regardless if the individual is working for that particular ASM or not. It is extremely degrading to be yelled at for leaving your area. I have even seen my own ASM showing a makeup girl her boundaries that she can and can't cross, when she can go where, etc. basically drawing an invisibly line and talking to her as if she is a child. A coworker tried to sell me makeup and wanted to show it to me, I got screamed at in front of everybody for being four feet out of my area and on her time!! Sometimes, ASMs are borderline verbally abusive and have really gotten out of line. The other day, after the store was closed and cutomers were gone, a few people closed their registers early. An ASM yelled at them in front of everybody, lectured the employees, and made the culprits wait twenty minutes for her to reopen the registers so they can close them after she said they could close the registers. And they hate sales associates who question their judgements, regardless of reasoning. The reason it may be hard to return items is that everyone has high sales goals. If something is returned, it goes against the original sales associate's sales per hour. True, the return period is for 30 days, but after 30 days they have to give you a Dillard's Dollars card which lets you can use twoards other purchases in the store. About the high sales goals, they often have many sales associates working in the same area so sales aren't met. It used to be that if one is not making his or her sales they are sent to another sales training and have some time to get it up, otherwise they get a paycut and after a couple pay cuts are fired. Now, if sales aren't good, they are fired PERIOD. No second chances, just fired. It is happening to a couple of coworkers currently; one was fired a couple weeks ago and now antoher is on the chopping block. In my experiences, a customer speaking to a manager on an issue will do no good. I have encountered this a few times where a customer wishes to speak with a manager, but we will be lucky if one even calls. If they do call, they will tell us something we already know and are rude and unhelpful. They will never come down and speak to the customer face to face. Another problem I would like to bring up is theft. At my store in particular, there are few, if any security cameras. All but one points to the employee entrance and exit. Yes, we do have police officers patrolling the store along with ASMs looking for thieves and employees out of their area, but one officer in a large department store will not stop thieves simultaneously stealing. Also, the officers are only present during evenings and weekends; meaning during the day, there is ABSOLUTELY NO SECURITY AT ALL, except for the employee entrance since Lord knows employees steal while they are out of their area. I apologize to all who have been treated badly as customers in this store, there are good things this company has to offer and I'm sure at one point it was a good company to shop at/work for. However, I would no longer reccomend shopping nor working at Dillard's for these reasons. Personally, I try to help my customers the best I can and make sure they love what they are getting. Dillard's merchandise is not cheap, but if you find the right products, they are very high quality. I tell them if they do not like it, they have 30 days to bring it back and find something else. I once thought Dillard's was a decent store, but I have seen too many unethical moves by this particular store's management, what I have mentioned here is the tip of the iceberg and some things I could say are even more appalling. Yes, I am looking for a new job by the way, I do not plan on staying on this sinking ship of a company much longer. If you have any questions, don't be afraid to email me. What you see here is the truth about Dillard's. 