Aldi is a fantastic store. They carry store brands that are either re-wrapped nationals or exclusive to their store. Their prices are really difficult for other chains to compete with - whole loaf of bread for 50 cents, butter is $2 when most places around here sell it for close to $4. But don't be fooled, they may have low prices, but the quality of their products is superb! I prefer many of their house brand products over nationals. Before you shop anywhere else, you should hit this place and buy your staples there, they will be considerably cheaper, even when other stores run loss leaders. Yeah, they don't have as much selection as some joints - but they buy a limited array of items and pass the savings on to you. That's why their six pack of ice cream cones is $2 instead of $4.89. There are some quirks to shopping there - they are not a full service store, so you will rent a shopping cart for a quarter, which you get back when you're done. This is GOOD, because everyone puts their carts in the cart rack to get their quarter back - so the parking lot is not littered with carts that will dent your car, and they don't have to hire a cart catcher. This is an idea that every grocery store should adopt. You also buy bags for a nickel apiece, but their bags are solid, thick and durable and this cost is greatly offset by how much you save! You can bring your own bags if you want to save those nickels. Aldi accepts cash and debit card only; no credit cards or checks are allowed, but this is a GOOD thing. You won't get stuck behind some old lady who wants to write a check, and you save money on your purchases because Aldi isn't forced to pay VISA a commission. They also don't get check fraud, another cost saving measure. Often when I'm at Aldi, I will be behind 4-5 people with large orders, but the cashiers are so efficient that the wait is far less than at places like Kroger. Every time I go there I fill my cart and I'm underwhelmed by the price I have to pay. I frequently bring $50 to the store and walk home with $25 in my pocket. I save hundreds shopping there. It's probably a store that's not for everyone, but if you're willing to be adventurous, you will find the experience rewarding, especially with your wallet. 