I'll give them this, Wal-Mart IS the best place to go if you're seeking a nasty, irritating shopping experience. Yes, prices are consistently low, but I can only stand to shop in this place when I know exactly what I want, can grab it and get the heck out fast. Unfortunately, the fast getaway is the hardest thing to come by. One specific unpleasant incident I survived about two years ago sums up what I mean. I had been looking for but was unable to find a specific kind of Polaroid film and had pretty much exhausted my other resources. As a last resort I headed to Wal-Mart. As soon as you enter this place you are accosted by a kind of peculiar atmosphere - something I can only describe as crowded frenzy. Since I don't regularly shop here I had to look around a bit before I found the camera department. It wasn't easy because people were running all around zipping in and out of the crowded cardboard box filled isles with carts as if in some kind of panic. I tried to imagine why - was someone about to buy the last bag of Old Roy dog food or was the stock of Billy Bass singing fish running low? It was apparently a secret only the regulars were in on. It took awhile to fight my way through the throng but I finally found the film. Phew, okay so far. And then I turned to leave. Seemingly out of nowhere came 3 or 4 shopping carts from different directions - all heading straight for me. Luckily, just before one or more of them slammed me into the film rack, they stopped. But the weird part was that each of these shoppers seemed to be in such a rabid rush that not one of them actually seemed willing to be the first to let me out of this bass-cart trap. In the context of all the rudeness the world has to offer this may not sound like a big deal. Even so, I think it gave me a kind of valuable insight into the strange effect this place seems to have on people at any rate. And that, along with the constant sloppy, piled up and scattered state their stock perpetually seems to be in was enough to convince me that saving a few cents per item is, most of the time, is just not worth the exasperation.