I am writing to express my fiancés disappointment with Kay Jewelers. We are about to be married this October 14th. Everything was going well with the wedding plans except for the trouble with the engagement ring we purchased from Kays. We purchased a Leo diamond. A bit pricy, but a beautiful cut. At the same time, we purchased a setting with side stones also from Kays. Their jeweler switched the Leo stone to the other setting. The ring looked absolutely beautiful. We were delighted. We came back in August to have the ring checked as per warranty. We were told the stone was loose and had to be sent out to be tightened. When we got the ring back I thought everything was fine. But my fiancé expressed that her ring had been butchered by the jeweler. I spent about $6500 on this ring. I expected unquestionable service. My fiancé said she could see teeth marks from pliers in the setting where the jeweler must have squeezed the diamond mounts closer together. We took it back and we were promised it would look like new when we got it back. I wrote an email to Kays customer support and received absolutely no response. They totally ignored me. We picked up her ring after the 2nd repair and it looked pretty bad under the scope. The diamond has scorch marks on the underside where a torch was obviously used on the lose prong. Its probably just a matter of cleaning it, but why leave it like that. There is still a gash in the prong that keeps coming lose. And there was a new gash in the top of another prong. It was obviously heated up and buffed out to look ok to the naked eye. But we dont trust them anymore. We look at their work under their scope. The more it gets worked on, the more it feels like we now own a band-aided ring. We used to think we had an exceptionally beautiful diamond on a very special setting. I was very proud to give it to her. Now it feels more like something substandard, cheaply repaired, damaged, and we are forced to live with it. At least for now. The sales people offered to send it out again. But we get married in 5 days. I dont trust their work. And I dont trust their sales staffs promises. A friends wife made a joke about Kay Jewelers calling them Kay-Mart Jewelers. She refused to shop there. Now I see what she was talking about.