Over the years I have been a very loyal, dedicated customer at Hecht's. It started from Caster Knott's,Proffits to Hecht's. On 2/11/2004 I visited the Bellevue center Mall in Nashville, TN. I had never been to this mall but after the great discounts, quoted by ms. cheap, a co-worker and I decided that we would take our lunch our and try it out. I was not prepared for the treatments that we both received. First one of the sales women passed us on her way to the elevator as we were searching thru the items and made a comment,finding everything ok, please don't try on any of the merchandise. I looked at my friend and she had the same puzzled look on her face as I did. I then asked, did she say what I thought she said, and I repeated the comment? She smiled at me and said yes that's exactly what she said. We talked about it a while but then agreed to let it go, after all we knew our time was limited and had to travel about 20 miles back to work. After reaching the check out counter, the drama continued. We stood in line waiting to be checked out while the two sales people chatted to another person who apparently they knew very well, she even was allowed to come behind the counter. There we stood waiting. Every item we had there was a problem with, it either was not at that discount price or we were charged a price that we did not agree with. My friend was even charged with a item she did not have in her bag and had to return to the store to let the sales person know she had made a mistake. We not only returned to work late, but we were late and a little angry. We talked about our adventure on the way back to work and decided to return to the same store again to see if maybe we had read more into the situation that it really was. On 2/18/2004 we went back to purchase some pants that were advertised on sale. This time, a different sales person allowed two older women to be checked out before us, even tho we stood in line before them. My friend had this very funny look on her face and the sales person ask her if she was ok, of course she agreed that she was ok, but deep down inside we both wanted to say, no, we are not ok, why are you allowing them to be checked out before us when we were in line first. But being the people that we are we didn't make a fuss. after all they were two little old white women and we were two big black ones, who knew if we created a scene the faces and faults would be directed towards us. As the sales person checked out the other two women she went to talked to them about the big sale that would be going on in the next couple of weeks, not looking our way what so ever, avoiding eye contact with either of us. My friend paid for her items first, and then me. At first I was going to use my Hecht's credit card but then decided against it, as my purchase was only $22.02, so I wrote a check. I was asked to see my driver's license, and a another credit card, which I showed her my visa card and asked her if she needed any other type credit information. For $22.02, I found this a bit insulting. I will never return to that store again and I think that after I pay off my balance I will be closing my account. All money is green and it all spends, so I can take it somewhere else and hope to be treated with respect. Thank you, Mrs. Currie Cowan (no so loyal customer anymore) 