I work on the front end of a Indiana Kroger Store. The one person is right about raising prices because of the strike but customer service has been GREATLY affected because of the stike in the loss of revenue that was lost. Across the nation, Kroger has cut employee hours so much that customer complaints are at a all time high and these customers SEE that nothing is being done to add cashiers and taking out there frustations out on cashiers, utility clerks. etc. costing promotions and even jobs. They have added Productivity Levels to cashiers that cashiers no longer can take the time to establish good customer realtionships but rather scan customer grocheries as quickly as possible to meet those levels. ( if the cashier is waiting to ring you up until you completely unload your cart this increases there productivity). This causes longer lines and with less cashiers, causes angry customers, decreased customer service and if you havent found out by now if you complain NOTHING CHANGES! Because of productivity levels, cashiers are not allowed to wait for customers to come to there register but have to be immediatedly sent to stock, do returning of products to the selves or some other task so they can completely sign off there register therefore increasing there productivity but more importantly the overall productivity of the entire frond end. (More work, same money, less money for new hires doing same work to recoup money lost due to strikes and negotations) Combine these things with constant harrasement, lies from managemnet, constant violations of the contract and no action from the union due to these violations of contract you may understand why a kroger casher may not be in the best of moods. Please remind Kroger management that you are now aware of there practices now and start writing your local newspapers and call your local television stations to invistigate on this because complaining to management and to corporate is going to do you no good! The employees really do want to give the best customer service possible but between management harrasment and lies and the unions lies and lack of action, this is effecting employee attitudes and the days of being able to check out with your favorite cashier will be coming to and end very quickly because they are retireing sooner and new employees are not taking the harrasement and the lies. Please have the media investigate!!!!!! 