Wal-Mart stuff is cheap because it's not worth anything. If you buy something from there, you will probably have to go back and buy it again several times after it breaks. They force companies to lower the quality of their products so they can sell them there. These same companies have to decrease production of their higher quality products, meaning we lose them in all stores, not just Wal-Mart. They have also put several companies out of business because they couldn't afford to make products as cheap as Wal-Mart demanded. Unlike Wal-Mart, some of these companies actually have to pay their workers. In many small towns, especially in the South, Wal-Mart has run the local businesses out and has gained local monopolies in those towns. No new business will ever be able to compete with Wal-Mart in these towns until Wal-Mart is weakened nationally or there is government action. Most of the things you buy from Wal-Mart are from China, and we're made by Americans before Wal-Mart sped up the moving of jobs from the U.S. to China. They were often made in sweatshop conditions for unfair payment. When a Wal-Mart moves into a town, because of the business it shuts down, it actually causes more jobs to be lost than gained. And the old jobs were usually better and paid better than the new Wal-Mart jobs. Wal-Mart then forces its employees to get health care from tax moeney instead of providing it for them like most other companies do. Wal-Marts often leave towns before the city is able to gain from sales and property taxes. When a Wal-Mart leaves a town, the town is left with nothing and people are forced to go to another town for everything. Often to a Wal-Mart in another town that continues to drain money from the local economy. Wal-Mart also censors CDs and magazines and is generally against free expression. It sees nothing wrong with blocking access to these products for people who live in the towns that only have Wal-Marts. It also sees nothing wrong with forcing people to make edited CDs that can't deliver their messages. Wal-Mart is hostile to the environment, discriminates against female employees, locks up employees overnight, builds an unattractive store that ruins the appearance of the areas around it, and has no problem using any hostile and unfair method to drive out all competition. Wal-Mart is not only threatening local businesses, but even large corporations and national chains such as Safeway, Albertson's, Toys 'R' Us, Kmart, and JCPenney. If not even they can stand up to Wal-Mart, no one can. Competition has to be maintained, when one company gains too many advantages competition begins to decrease. In the towns that have Wal-Mart and no other store, the market economy is already limited since no new businesses can move in. In the future, it may be like this in much of the nation. Many people can only shop at Wal-Mart (or not even that) because Wal-Mart has taken away their employment. Save America. Please don't shop at Wal-Mart.