Years ago Radio Shack used to be quite a good place for electronic oddities capactors, diodes,npn,pnp transistors RF connectors tubes anybody remember tubes? Now these days they try to cater to the consumer eletronics market, and doing a poor job of it at that. Gone are the components that make up that radio and tv, gone are the basic essintials that make up a good eletronics store, gimmics and gadgetery are what they are about today it's sad to see there are really no eletronic stores left. Radio Shack change your nane to like Useless Junk shack, Circus Shack will be even better. The place is run by a bunch of clowns who think they know it all. It seems odd to Me that I can find what I need long before they do and I don't even work there. If its not one clown telling you how great this product is, its the high IQ clown telling you how he built an Interositer in his basement, and soon will be fling it to the moon powered by enercell batteries. My last and most definitaly final trip to wonder weenieland envolved a PDA and The GPS mapping system sold by the Shack. I wanted a PDA for a long time BUT no GPS add on held me back. And there it was just what I wanted, sitting on display. So I asked the head weenie there whats the difference in the PDA's you have here on display and he says There all the same Really ! The prices wern't all the same. So I looked then over and opted for the best one they had #299.00. And give Me that GPS for the handheld to $99.00 It will work on this PDA I asked You bet was my reply it will work on all the PDA's we sell.So home I go $400+ dollars lighter to set it up. The software will not load, the cable will not fit the PDA. The GPS info says optional cable avalible. Day 2 I go to another R/S to see about the cable we have it but can't find it I'm told. This store looks like Yucca Flats after the blast.I Call 1-800 THE SHACK they don't know what the hell I'm talking about. Day 3 call yet another International house of clowns , we don't have it yet but it's coming in . HU-RAH so I thought. Just to play it safe I called Clown world corporate HQ to see if all was true. Alas not true according to King Clown this cable I so desperatly need is never coming, they don't even make it nor are they ever going to. So if your ever surronded by a pack of caniving, lieing weenie faced clowns your most likely in your local RADIO SHACK store..... RADIO SHACK YOU GOT QUESTIONS WE GOT ANSWERS YEAH..... THE WRONG ANSWERS 