I don't know why so many people don't like Kmart. As far as I am concerned, Kmart is perfect. All of you people that are putting Kmart down need to realize that Kmart was there for YOU when you needed them. A world without Kmart is beyond imagination. Kmart is the best, generous, and most caring company in America. If you are one of those people who love Wal Mart, just remember that if Kmart is gone, Wal Mart will raise their prices big time, The service will go way way down and then you will be begging for Kmart back. KMART HAS DONE MORE GENEROUS THINGS TO ME THAN ANY OTHER COMPANY.I love Kmart! I support Kmart! I believe in Kmart and I stand up for what I believe in! Sure, they have had their problems, but who hasn't? Sure, they don't have a lot of cash right now, but despite that they are still wonderful, caring and generous. I agree that are somewhat low on money right now, but do you think that they are happy about that? No, they aren't. But they are doing all they can and they are doing a very good job. Kmart was always there for their customers when they needed them. Wal Mart may pretend to be caring but they are not. I will always choose Kmart over Wal Mart. Since Kmart has helped me big time over the years, I will gladly help them. Some people may not realize this but Kmart is the most generous company out there. Kmart may be understaffed at times but what you people don't realize is that employees don't always show up when scheduled. That's not Kmarts fault. Kmart isn't any happier about it than you are. Kmart schedules employees and trusts that they will show up, however incidents occur when employees can't make it to work. Possible reasons could be: Car accident,sickness,death in the family,etc... I hope you get my point. Don't blame Kmart. If employees don't show up, it is beyond Kmart's control. When you needed merchandise, Kmart sold it to you. Stop complaining and realize that nothing and nobody is perfect. Kmart is moving forward with the help of loyal customers. Do yourself a favor and support a good company 