Final Update. Firefox is back up to a five star rating. Why? two reasons: 1) tabbed browsing; and 2) there are all kinds of cool extensions for Firefox. Tabbed browsing allows you to tab through different browser windows without opening up a new browser. For those times that you need more than one browser window open, tabbed browsing is MUCH better than having different browswers open because it's faster to toggle back and forth AND it's a more efficient use of your monitor's display (you don't have to keep a corner of the othe browser displaying). Extensions are neat little software programs that you can add onto your firefox browser. The ones I use are 1) accuweather, which displays little weather icons (sun, rain, snow, etc.) for the next three days at the bottom of your browser; 2) link converter, which converts everything that starts with http:// to a clickable link; 3) site search for Google / Wikipedia / Yahoo / Gracenote which allows you to search those sites (and others) from anywhere on the Web, and a couple of other random ones. All firefox extensions are free I believe. This is really a fantastic browser folks, make the switch today. Another update. Now, after I've been using Firefox for a while, I'm downgrading it to a 4. Here's why - it takes forever to open up a new browser window (at least with the Mac version). Things I like: it handles annoyingly heavy animated banners better than Camino, and it's more RSS friendly in that you can add feeds directly to your MyYahoo with Firefox. Update: FireFox 1.0 is out and it rocks. The annoying little bugs with the 0.8 version all seem to be fixed. ** Mozilla FireFox .8 is the latest version of Mozilla FireBird. And is it slick. It typically loads pages 10-15% faster than IE, and there are plenty of neat features. Every once in a while I'll come across a page / site that doesn't render well with FireFox, but it's really rare. But probably the biggest reason to go with FireFox is that you don't have the security issues that you have with IE. Simply put, there is only a small percentage of folks using FireFox - not worth hackers time to bug them. Why not try it out? There's no reason you can't have both IE and FireFox on your desktop. 