Tubby Smith is a bad UK coach... He would be fine in a mediocre program, but not one like the University of Kentucky. Point 1: Tubby won the National Championship with Pitino's team... The team grew progressively worse the next year and veteran players like Padgett and Evans who were incredible shooters under Pitino, seemed to lose their "touch" after one season with Tubby... Could that be because he would take them out after two missed shots? Point 2: How do you take a gift, like the press that Pitino left him, and not use it? STUPID!! Point 3: Nepotism... Saul appears to be a great guy, and maybe even a decent basketball player for a small D1 school, or D2 school... Tubby makes him primary point guard??? That killed recruiting for three years... Point 4: People keep saying what a great defensive team they are... Give me a break... THEY SUCK!! All a team has to do is drive in, and they get a lay-up... It's one of the reasons I can't stand to watch them play anymore. Point 5: Duke, Michigan State, UCONN, NC, etc... Big name programs don't REALLY EVER HAVE bad years... They may be weaker at the beginning until they find their rhythm, but they always (Duke) finish at the top by March... Point 6: Tubby has two guys over 7ft. tall, and the tall guy who just came back's supposed to save this team??? Get real... a team needs to be better than one player. Point 7: UK will NEVER WIN ANOTHER NATIONAL TITLE under Tubby Smith. Point 8: They won't get rid of him, because he is the 1st black coach at UK... and every group will scream racism... In fact people will call me a racist, just for stating the obvious... but my opinion has nothing to do with color... I think there are many excellent black coaches... Tubby just isn't one of them. Point 9: Pitino was an excellent teacher... he can take average players and help them reach their potential... Tubby takes excellent players and what does he do? In my opinion, nothing... Point 10: It seems that certain players run the team, instead of the coach... he caters to certain egos...(Bogans). The rules should be the same for everyone... That's if you want a team... I can't bear to watch them play anymore... It's not about winning either... If they don't win, but have played a tough, hard game, I can live with that... What I can't live with, it the fact that my beloved Kentucky has become a mediocre program, that now blends in with the other has been schools... (Of course, the announcers LOVE Tubby... because being the snobs they are, it paves the way for the East Coast schools to win... Kentucky is no longer a threat at the big dance.) 