I will say one good thing about the Yankees before I explain my 1-star rating: They keep making the playoffs. However, the payroll is a major reason why. For you Yankee fans who claim that New York is no better off financially then any other team, that is simply not true. I don't like the league's salary cap rules because that is what gives the Yankees the unfair cash advantage. I blame the league for this, not the Yanks. I am absolutely not a fan of anything to do with New York, but I can't blame them for exploiting the current financial situation in MLB. Now, most of the NY fans are estatic that the Yanks keep landing the big names in baseball. However, this practice of collecting so many stars with big egos is not healthy. A good team consists of one to three stars and players who know the game and can perform on a consistent basis. The Yanks continue to collect big-money stars for as many positions as they can get away with. The thing is, too many stars usually do not work well together. NY wants great players, but they don't look enough at the lesser known players who can contribute both on-field and to the chemistry of the club. NY looks at stats and overlooks the fact that the team resembles an auto junkyard - it's all loose parts. Throwing together pricey stars does not make a winner. Granted, with the current system in MLB, the Yanks will win year after year thanks to their cash, but winning the World Series will only happen if they get their heads away from glitz and stats and focus more on consistent playing. I know there will be those of you who are Yankees fans and who will protest this rating I've given them. I want to say, look past the fact that the Yanks are your favorite team. Of course your natural instinct is to defend your team and turn a blind eye to the real issues, especially when the issues at hand involve glamor players and big money. But I challenge you to really LOOK at the Yankees. Look through the eyes of a Yankee hater, if you will. You must admit, the salary cap rules are unfair to other teams. Yes, so the fan says otherwise. That is because they are jaded, too loyal to the team to perceive the real problems. The Yanks will continue to win games, year after year, but it comes at the rest of the league's expense, and in the long run, winning without true chemistry will sour your look back at the Yankees of 2000's.