An interesting team with an interesting history. God-awful expansion team that lost its first 26 games clad in orange uniforms adorned with a Pirate that even the dudes from Queer Eye would say is too GAY looking. Then they get Doug Williams and stick a dagger into the hearts of Eagles' fans in the 1979 playoffs -- just 2 years after going 2-12. After that, they stunk for a long time. I used to make jokes about their kicker in the mid-80s, Donald Iguebeaka (sic??). I would contend that he was such a damn good kicker because he was from Africa and frankly didn't know what the Hell was going on in the football game (hence, no pressure). He would kick a 50-yarder straight through the uprights, and I would imitate him going up to Coach Ray Perkins (in a 3rd-rate Eddie Murphy Coming to America accent), Did I do good, coach. The Bucs' fortunes changed when they scrapped the gay orange duds for their present-day, Pewter and red uniforms with the menacing looking skull logo. I rank it #3 as NFL best uniform behind the Raiders and the Eagles. My wife got me a Buc's rugby shirt and I liked it so much, I wore it about 120 days out of the year. She got so sick of it, she threw it out (even my kid drew a picture of me at school wearing the Bucs shirt). The Eagles avenged the Bucs '79 triumph, beating Tampa in the 2001 and 2002 playoffs. But the Bucs turned the tables on Philly and beat them resoundedly in the 2003 NFC Final. It was meant to be for the Eagles. It was freezing cold (Tampa was 0-99999 in games played below 92 degrees or something like that), it was the last game at the Vet, and the Eagles quickly scored after the opening kickoff. But the Bucs comeback with a field goal and then Brad Johnson hits Joe Jureviscus with a 71-yard TD strike that killed the Birds. By far, the worst loss in Eagles history. In the Pirate Bowl, the Bucs killed Oakland. Wierdly, both teams have never played well since. One day, I will see the Bucs actually return a kickoff for a touchdown -- something they have never done.