First, a comment to ninetwoseven... You didn't like the Yankees chances of a fourpeat and questioned if they would even make the playoffs. Hmm, the Yanks are IN the World Series... And they're leading it 3-2... Guess your opinion is dated and unfounded... br Second, to SAVE FENWAY PARK (a sentiment which I agree with, BTW), your comment is extremely dated (from January, 2001) as witnessed by the recent Concert for New York and New York's reaction to the atrocity of 9-11-01. New York has lost the spirit of America you say? New York IS the spirit of America, you rube! Still wish Old Dork City would fall into the Atlantic? Why not go hide in a cave with Osama Bin Lyin' buddy? Root for the Kabul Stone Agers, I hear they are in last place in a one team league in Afganistan. They need pitching though... br Now that I got that out of my system, my humble opinion... ANYONE VOTING LESS THAN FIVE STARS FOR THE YANKEES HAS THEIR HEAD FIRMLY UP THEIR ASSES!!! You can not dispute: a) their history, b) their current championship run, c) their resources. br TRUE! You can hate George Steinbrenner. He fired Lou Piniella twice. Billy Martin four times. He fired Dick Howser after winning 102 games in his first season. He had a season with three managers... He also has mellowed and gotten smart by letting his baseball men run things. Their record (four championships in five years) is self evident and undisputable. br YES! You can hate the Yankees for their huge payroll. However, they have the most marketable name in all of sports in the world. People in most countries in the world have heard of the Yankees. Their merchandising is beyond rediculous. They draw over three million people a year. They have sold out every playoff game in the past seven years. The precious Braves have had World Series games they didn't sell out. THAT IS PATHETIC! The Yankees have the resources to spend the money that they make, but they spend it wisely (unlike the Orioles and the Dodgers) and mostly on homegrown talent. Bernie, Jeter, Jorge, Mariano, Pettitte, El Duque and Ramiro take up a huge portion of the payroll. The difference with the Yankees and, say, the Royals is that the Yankees can afford to keep they homegrown talent. Why? They have history on their side. They have recognizability on their side. They have 38 pennants and 26 World Championships on their side. Hence and ability to have such a huge payroll and still make money. br YES! You can hate the Yankees if you root for the Red Sox. I respect that. I expect that. I am heartened to hear some die hard Sox fans are rooting for the Yankees in light of 9-11-01, just for this year. I am impressed by this. As a New Yorker (Well, I work in NYC, I live in Jersey) I thank you for the support in these dark days. If all had been reversed, and Boston had been hit and made the playoffs and the Yankees didn't, I would throw my support their way and I have NEVER rooted for the Red Sox. (Even though they have had three of my favorite players: Ted Williams, Mo Vaughn and Nomar.) br If you are and Indians or Cubs or White Sox or Giants fan and haven't won anything in decades, and you hate the Yankees, I understand. I also expect you to. In fact, I do not dispute anyone HATING the Yankees. I expect and accept it. I took a lot of crap in 1990 and 1991 when the Yankees sucked terribly. But I expected it. I don't mind anyone hating us, but damn it, you absolutely HAVE to respect this team! I can't stand idiotic statements like, Yankees suck, or, The Yankees are horrible. They are false. They are not based on fact at all. They are childish, amaturish and moronic. Come up with some better superlatives and adjatives to describe your hatred, don't cop out and say they suck when they obviously don't. br Example: I hate Michael Jackson. Always have. Can't stand him, think he's a freak. HOWEVER, I would never say he sucks. I have to respect the body of work the man has. I have to respect the longevity and the talent. Saying Michael sucks is simply not true. Saying I dislike him and his music IS true, and a statement based in fact. br To close, the Yankees are the greatest sports franchise ever, bar none. I can say that and back it up with an unprecedented 26 World Championships. No other team in baseball has even half that many. The Montreal Canadiens have 23. The Cowboys have 5. The Celtics have (I think) 16. I can show anyone that the Yankees have had three separate times of winning at least three World Series in a row. They have the longest Championship run ever with five (1949-1953). They are currently one win away from their fourth Championship in a row. They are a team of class, a team of dignity, a team of heart, and a team that does not give up. In a few years, they will be the only team with 4 managers in the hall-of-fame (Huggins, McCarthy, Stengel Torre). They already have more players in the hall than any other team. They truly are (despite Braves Cowboys fans sniping) America's team. This has never been more evident than this playoff run, where I have heard so many people throwing support to the Yankees. br You know what? Being brutally honest, this is a meaningless game. The Yankees will never make me personally any money. They have no direct affect on anyone's lives. But right now, it is great to feel good about something positive in this town. br I am proud to be a lifelong Yankee fan. I am proud to be a lifelong New Yorker, and I am proud to be an lifelong American. In light of world events, this Yankee playoff and World Series run means nothing, but it makes so many of us feel better. br To all of you filled with anger about the Yankees, please chill out and reasess. To all Yankee fans everywhere, LET'S GO YANKEES! If it makes you happy it can't be that bad! 