Allan Houston is my favorite basketball player right now in the NBA. Part of this reason is because he plays for my beloved New York Knicks. I get the opportunity to watch him 82 games a season. I went to the game on November 26th against the Hawks and had courtside seats at the Garden. It really is amazing to watch Houston stroke the jumper from up so close. At the end of the game I also had the privilege of slapping his hand while he was walking back into the locker room. I don't want to make him out to be infallible. It perplexed me he made comments in a magazine in the playoffs last year that were said to be anti-Semetic and Allan claimed they were out of context. I didn't actually see these quotes, but I would be displeased with bigoted views from my favorite player. First, he is automatic from the line; last year he was #2 in the league in percentage (90.9%) behind only Reggie Miller. Unfortunately, occasionally he is way too nonchalant down the stretch in games and misses a big free throw. Second, he is, in my opinion, the purest and probably best shooter in the league. His form can be described as textbook. When he gets on a roll, watch out. I've literally seen this guy hit 7 or 8 shots in a row on consecutive possessions. This is undoubtedly the strongest part in his game. Houston has the uncanny ability to shoot over a defensive player right in his face; he just rises and pops... swish! Thirdly, he is able to take it to the hole and draw the foul to utilize his expertise from the foul line. Fourth, a great advantage is that he is so superior that he can draw the double team from the post 20 feet away, swing it around, and get someone else an open shot. Great passing ability. Fifth, Allan is practically lights out on the fast break pulling up beyond the arc. That shot is silky smooth. Lastly, he gets knocked for his defense, but I feel he is really a great defender and is virtually never in foul trouble. I was able to do this evaluation of Houston's play because I have seen him play about 98% of his games since he signed with the Knicks in '96. If you aren't a fan of the Knicks, the intricacies of the superiority of one Allan Houston most likely go overlooked, but the league is starting to appreciate his ability and put tougher defense on him. I have faith he will continue to score efficiently, though. So, as you can see, I can attest to all of my comments because I see virtually ALL of the professional contests he participates in. He has earned the spot as my favorite player and I feel he is just now starting to get the recognition he deserves by being named to the last 3 all-star games and the 2000 Olympic team in Sydney.