Hey everyone!! Just like all the Duke fans on this web site has said, I'm sick of them saying they hate J.J. Redick. I don't see how you could hate such a great guy even though I don't no him, but he seems like one. Another thing that I am really getting sick of is all the stuff that everyone makes fun of him for: Like the shirt that guys from Maryland (I think) made that said I want to name my kid J.J. Redick, and on the back it said, and beat him everyday. Thats pretty messed up because first of all if you beat anyone everyday your butt is going to be going to jail, and then we will see who will be laughing. Another thing is when someone made a sign that said: I had sex with your sister. The people who makes these things up don't even know his sister, so I don't really see the point. I feel bad for him since he had had to change he's cell phone number like what five times. I mean come on, just like J.J. said on ESPN, who has the time and day to just call him up to tell him how much he sucks or how much you hate him?? Oh and by the way all you people who thought you were cool by saying f*** you J.J. while he was shooting free throws during the Duke and Maryland game last year, your not. All you people who say he has a bad attitude, your wrong there is nothing wrong with it. Don't you think that some times you would get a little mad when people say bad things about you or your family, or you know that you are one of the most hated guys ever?? Also, who ever said that J.J. should get in one of UNC's players faces, he wouldn't, because he is the bigger man, and he don't take his anger out by beating with up, he takes it out by beating you on the court because he knows he will. ALl the people who says that he needs to go get a tan, who cares, because one of the best basketball players in NBA history, was a white guy... Larry Bird. So J.J. you look fine and forget what everyone says about you. To all you girls who think J.J. is hot, yeah is you are going to put that on this web site at least have something to back it up with, but I'm a girl and yes I think he is hot too but i had something to back it up with. GO DUKE!! And all you people who don't like J.J. or you are one the people who make fun of him or call his phone, need to get a life! 