For those of who think Redick is overrated, he gets the attention because he is a PURE shooter with his release, his shot, his follow-through, the way he uses his legs. No, he's not the best player on the Duke team (Deng is-or was) nor does he have the best 3pt% (Ewing does) but he still has the best-looking shot because of his mechanics. Usually when someone gets talked about A LOT it's is because he or she has done something right and Redick is-he's shooting the ball. His 3pt percentage was around 35% and his free-throw percentage was @ 95% for this past season. Can't tell me that does not factor into the kind of player he is. There was a reason why he drew the ACC's best defenders. And he's definitely been more than a three point threat. He could work on the driving in the lane, and his defense will only get better. As for his attitude, he gets reemed for having confidence and assurance in everything he does because of the attention he gets from his shooting. Redick has the right to yell, howl, or hang his hand in the air 10 minutes after he's made a 3 because he's earned it. And he's definitely been dogged numerous time this year i.e. F*** you, JJ @ Maryland, Scooter Sherill of NCST saying he was gay, or McCants stating that he's nothing more than a 3pt threat. Through all the crap that's been said about him, he's remained a MAN about it and took all that in stride. I can understand if he complained about how people hate him or Duke or how people get on him during games, but he hasn't. He thrives on that. One has to be mentally tough to not let negativity like that get to one's head. Nor has he said anything about other players like Sherill and McCants did. Yes, he did say some things during the NCAA tournament that raised some eyebrows i.e. When people are jealous of you, people are going to have a negative image of you. But isn't that true about everything? You hate the person who's dating the hot guy in school or the person who gets along with the boss the best? Anyway, JJ Redick deserves the attention he gets because he earned in his backyard back in Roanoke when he was practicing that sweet shot he now has. Keep knocking JJ because all he'll do is keep knocking the jumpers! Go Duke! maria_abbeyroad@hotmail.com 