Holy balls, that was wierd. But meh, I think J.J Redick is a stud. First and foremost from his physical ability and secondly because he is a good looking guy. I thought he was cute when I first really caught on last season, but watching him from last year to now his performance has improved 10 fold. He is a complete player not just as many people stereotype another white kid who can stroke the ball, but can't play inside he has depth now. Was I the only one who saw the ACC tournament? In the final game when Ewing fouled out JJ took the ball up court-now it wasn't pretty but he got the job done. He can draw the foul-he might as well not even shoot because when he gets to the line you know that unless there is a disruption in the earth's rotation he is going to get those 2/3 points. I went through a period of about 6 years of not hating Duke, but i wasn't a big fan (even though i loved em as a youngin) J.J sparked my interest in them again (that and my ex was hard-core UNC which made me hardcore DUKE) He is only going to mature with the rest of his career playing ball. So all the haters out there should just give it a rest. _but wait, there's more_ Because he is so confident-not cocky (well maybe a dash, but when people hate you and wish horrible things upon you- why not stick it to em) Do you not see how he DRAWS THE DEFENSE to him. I don't think he does it on purpose but when you only have 5 guys out on the court and 2 or even 3 of them are drawn to JJ that sure as hell gives your squad opportunities. He is an unselfish player and from what I've heard from my cousin who attends Duke and has had some run ins (not in a bad way- more acccidental in the elevator in the caf) he is just a nice guy. I could say the same for some other players although i never liked Shawn May- can't stand him. But I like Felton and McCants. And Chris Paul- he's a stud too. Gotta give the love to the ACC but the Big 10 and Confrence USA will always be close to my heart since i'm from Minnesota and will be in school in Chicago.