Tulane Football is good because of how it manages to operate as a comprehensive Football program given it's overall make up, advanatges and disadvantages compared to other Div-1 and peer schools. Tulane has been competitive in Conference USA since the league's inception in 1996. The school has had four winning seasons including an undefeated 12-0 year in 1998 when it was ranked #7 at the end of the year. Tulane also won the Hawaii Bowl in 2002. Tulane has produced Three NFL quarterbacks in Shaun King, Partick Ramsey and J.P. Losman. Ramsey and Losman were First Round Draft Picks. Tulane had the nation's Top Kicker in Seth Marler and the best Running back in school history was Mewelde Moore, a starter for the Minnesota Vikings this year. Tulane plays in a world class, nationally known venue - The Louisiana Superdome and can attract the likes of Texas, Alabama and Georgia to play high profile non-conference games. Tulane Football has proven to be a stepping stone for up and coming coaches: Larry Smith, Mack Brown , Tommy Bowden and even former Stanford coach Buddy Teevens all coached at Tulane. For a small private school that wasnt in a league for many years, this is impressive. Tulane is capable of recruiting good college football talent to the school. The teams under current coach Chris Scelfo are comepitive and Scelfo himself is committed to building a strong program that will maintain itself over time.Tulane runs a Spread Offense that scores a lot of points and is fun to watch. Tulane has had several games televised on ESPN Game Plan each year, a testament to the exciting brand of Footbal the team can offer. Tulane will never be an LSU, Ohio State, Florida State...it is not a Football factory. The school has committed towards fielding a competitve team full of good kids who will represent the school well on and off the field, wont get in trouble and will graduate. Tulane annually ranks among the top schools by the NCAA for it's high rate of graduation for Football players. Tulane does all this with higher academic standards for athletes than at most other schools. Tulane doesnt accept Junior College players and cannot take walk-on athletes in great numbers like at other schools. Depth within the program can be a problem because of the rigorous academic and athletic commitments, yet Tulane still has had it's share of success since joining Conference USA. This year alone, Tulane rebounded from a 1-4 start to go 5-5 with a chance to become Bowl-eligible with a win this weekend. This is an impressive feat and shows the good this program has in it. Compared to peer schools like Duke, Rice, Vandy and some State schools like Rutgers, Kentucky and Indiana, Tulane excels in football. There are better days on the horizon for this budding Football program as well. Four Stars.