UPDATE: For '919', yeah, Daniel did get drafted.........by the Clippers. Where Dunleavy SR. obviously is calling the shots. Yeah, you see how much it's helping them. How's Shav, by the way? I don't care what anybody says, we would not have won ANYTHING without Jackie. Just to throw in a little lighthearted insult, check out Redick's numbers against Jackie vs. every other team. Yeah, buddy, check those stats out, and give Jackie a 1. Check his fg% against Carolina in the last 3 years, in which Jackie guarded him most of the time. And yes, Jackie DID graduate........................AS ALL CAROLINA PLAYERS DO. We have the highest graduation rate of all basketball programs in the nation for like 3 decades. The only guy who I can think of who hasn't graduated in MY LIFETIME is Forte, and I heard recently he is going back. You guys think you're so academic. In reality, 99% of your players major in the cakewalk SOCIOLOGY, and your grad rate for ball players is not even close to ours. NOT EVEN CLOSE. Look it up. Just because the Korean and Indian kids at Dook are intellectuals, doesn't mean your ball players are. I don't know how that misconception started. I guess the media. Jackie has a degree from the 3rd ranked academic instituion in the nation, and a beautiful wife. He'll be just fine. Probably working with the hoops program in the next couple years. ))))))))) ))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))UPDATE: '919' no, a cat does not have my tongue. You did not adress any of my points, and a cat has MY tongue? Forget the numbers? Dude, Redick hasn't done anything against Jackie in 3 seasons and you know it. You've beat us a few times, but Redick was typically quiet. Thanks to Jackie. Jesus, why are you hating on Jackie? He din't get drafted and Daniel did? Shut up. He didn't enter the draft or participate in any of the camps either, you idiot. 4 Tarheels in the lottery and you think you're on to something by saying Jackie didn't get drafted?!? Dude, he was never expected to get drafted. You're out of your league, son. Oh, and yes, he graduated. He's going to get a JOB now. Not pointlessly roaming around Europe waiting for the NBA to call like Randolph and countless other Dookies. You're out of your league. ))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))UPDATE: Wow, he make the first shot?! Well, that settles it I guess. You don't know basketball at all, do you? Look, just check his fg% against Carolina. I recall him making some big plays against us, but I don't recall him ever having an all around big game against us. I get the vibe that he's thinking too hard about having that one huge game against Carolina, rather than just playing. If you look at the numbers, he always throws up more shots against us and makes more turnovers, rather than just relaxing and playing like we're Clemson or any other team. He should tap his inner condor for next year.)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )))))))))))))))))))))))UPDATE: Wrong. You got me all wrong. When did I not acknowledge that Redick was good. I'll give him his props for playing well. But not for playing well against UNC. The simple fact is, I don't care if he goes to Oregon, the numbers prove he has not played well against us. Actually, that's not fair. He has had a game or two in which he has played well against us, but he has NEVER had a great game against us or Jackie. Look it up, dude.- it's not hard - you obviously have the internet. Check my new weblist about clutch shooters. Oh, and I'm not the narc type, but don't ever call me that name you called me in that private message or I will tell the site and you'll be gone, trust me, I've been warned myself. If you want to call me that in person, just name the time and place, and I'll prove what pussycats the Dookies are. F F F F GOLDSBORO, boy. Come on, let me teach you a Charlotte, Cackalack lesson, pudding pie.................... Check my weblist. 