Guarenteed all of you saying that Bill sucks are fanboys of your own hometown teams. Half of you are yelling JETS RULE when you might as well come right out and say, Hey, I'm immature and a fanboy of my team, so even if Belichick is one of the greatest minds in NFL history, I still hate him. Quote: You're right HuskerBeliever. Bill Belichick is abomination and I absolutely positively detest him. J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS Wow, that shows some creativity. No reason or complaint. Just don't like him, eh? Is it because he outsmarted pretty much every coach he has gone up against? Quote: I don't care if he wins 3 Superbowls with the patriots. The guy is complete slime and I can't stand him Once again, pretty bad answer. Give reasons people if you don't like the man. Stop being such fanboys of your teams. Give credit where credit is due. Quote: If there was a zero for star rating, I think I would chose it..unfortunately I have to put one star here. Nothing makes me more sickening than to see Belicheck on the top 5 ..much less top 15 of the coaches listed in the NFL. He may have luck..but he represents boston, where all those potato eating irish are..Red Sox are dead..and the Patriots will not be fed..Jets RULE!! My personal favorite here; completely shows lack of intelligence. First, I'd like to see you NAME 15 coaches that even come close to everything Belichick has done. Luck has nothing to do with it. Watch a Pats game and check out the strategy. The man knows the right plays for every situation. Potato-Eatting Irish ... hmmm, I wish I could be insulted by that but your arrogant stupidity could only affect a Steelers fan. JETS RULE I already covered this; scroll up for God sakes. Quote: Nope.. BAD coach. Nothing more to say. That couldn't convince a Philly fan. Quote: Brilliant, eh. I could coach a team better than him Go for it. I bet your team could be beaten by the 2004 49ers. Quote: One of the worst head coaches the Cleveland Browns ever had. He fired Bernie Kosar -- what a jerk! Kosars later years in Cleveland were dampened by injuries and dwindling support around him. In 1990, Kosar threw a career-high 15 interceptions as the Browns went 3-13. The following year, he came back to throw for 3,487 yards and 19 touchdowns. A broken ankle sidelined him for most of 1992. Can you blame him? I better stop now because I feel my IQ dropping on this thread even as I type. 