His gunslinger name fit the cool, caculating manner in which he shot down opposing defenses, It was part of the Joe Montana charisma, a mystique that permeated the NFL for 15 successful seasons. He was the blond, blue-eyed kid from Notre Dame who revived a franchise, carved out a Super Bowl legacy and built a reputation as the greatest pressure quarterback of all time. Montana was a football surgeon, an artist who could carve up a defense with patience and relentless precision. His arm strength and speed were only slightly above average, but his quick feet and quicker mind were perfect matches for San Francisco and coach Bill Walsh's complicated short-passing offense. He had a sixth sense that allowed him to evade rushers and he could throw on the run with uncanny, mistake-free accuracy. Montana who piled up big yardage, high completion percentage and victories while throwing to Jerry Rice and a host of other talented receivers in the 1980's might have combined all aspects of quarterback play better than anyone in history. He was a great passer (40,551 yards in his career, 5772 more in post season), a dangerous scrambler (1676 yards, 20 touchdowns), a masterful play-caller and an unquestioned leader. Montana took the postseason-starved 49ers to four Super Bowls, won them all and claimed a record three Super Bowl game MVPS. He threw 122 Super Bowl passes without an interception and posted a record six 300-yard postseason passing games. The image of Montana executing a near-perfect drive in the final moments of a big game will forever be etched in the fabric of NFL History. Super Joe led 31 fourth-quarter comeback victories, including playoffs and his late-game heroics lifted teammates to higher performance levels. With a game on the line, Montana had no peer. When the eight time Pro Bowl selection left San Francisco after an almost two-year layoff with elbow problems, he came back and led Kansas City to the AFC championship game before retiring in 1994. Joe Montana: 49ers - 1979 - 1992, Chiefs - 1993 - 1994. Joe would soon be elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000.