Hi! Well I don't know about everybody else but I am a female Lakers fan because of Kobe Bryant and no this is not a joke. When I first seen Kobe I was like he is so fine I thought he put the spice in the jalpeno peppers(now that's some hot stuff. Now a days I watch the game (on t.v) just to see him. My mom, dad, sister, brother, and friends knows exactly how much I am hooked on the NBA's most finest player no other than Kobe Bryant.I'm the biggest Kobe fan ever. I know he must here it a lot but this is the real deal. Let me tell ya I have a nephew that's three years old and I was watching the Lakers game and my nephew follows me almost everywhere. So he came in the kitchen where I was (watching the game) and said: Rae what you doing. I said I'm watching the game. He said Who you watching Kobe. All I can do was laugh so then I asked him You know Kobe he said Look he right there that was so cute. Like I have this friend name Latoya and before I logged on to AOL I called her because on May 29,2001 I told her that I heard Kobe got married cause (I think it was on 60 minutes when he ws interviewed by a man) she said Rae I'm so sorry I know how much you loved Kobe I was like Toya shut- up. So tonight when I called her I said Toya guess who I like she said who I said Kobe she said oh Rae guess what I saw Kobe the other day on T.V and he was sweating and girl he was looking good Rae I knew you saw it and had the chills I said Girl you know I saw it she said Kobe is too fine Rae don't kill me na Then I told her I was going to call her back. I can go on writing for days about how much I like Kobe but unfortunately I can't cause it will take up the whole web site. Don't you know I actually had a dream I met Kobe Bryant I woke up smiling from that one. But for real if I ever see Kobe I'll cry for days because I cry when I'm happy and to see him will be both a blessing and a miracle. It would be a blessing because I'd never thought that I could see such a talented human being and a miracle cause I live in a small town where stars would NEVER be found and I don't have a car to follow the Lakers or the money it takes to do those things afterall I'm 13 going to the eighth grade when school lets in. Well I have to go cruise other websites for Kobe. But thank you for making such a website where people can actually express their feelings about their favorite celebrity(although I'm nowhere near finished)but I guess I have to go now. BYE 