First let me explain that I love the Colts and I sincerely enjoy the fact that the organization is associated with Indiana and Indianapolis. I agree that there is a level of community benefit having an NFL team based in our area. As positive as I feel about the Colts, and I believe that there are some facts and considerations that should be reveled when entertaining thoughts about building a new stadium funded by the public. There are some questions that I believe are important and should be addressed for the welfare and benefit of all citizens, voters and taxpayers of Indianapolis and the surrounding area. I have heard it said that having the Colts located in Indianapolis is important to many businesses, although I have never seen any real numbers on how much, in dollars, that the Colts help these businesses. I would think that if the Colts are important enough to these businesses that the actual businesses would be willing to pay for the construction of a new stadium to keep the Colts in Indianapolis. Why is there consideration for taxpayers to pay so a select number of businesses can profit. Wouldn t this be considered as Corporate Welfare ? I would think that as far as benefit to the community, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway provides more revenue to Indianapolis citizens than the Colts, yet I don t see any initiatives to build a new Race Track in Speedway. My point is, the owners of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway fund their own improvements and the Colt s owner should do the same. When the government provides funding on the backs of the taxpayers to businesses, this increases the profits that go directly into the pockets of a select few rather than benefiting the public. Isn t this considered Corporate Welfare ? I believe that when a Government Official suggests that we should force the public to pay, in the form of taxes, for something that may not benefit the majority of the public, that Government Official is not looking out for the best interest of the public. How can we insist that people of moderate or modest incomes pay for a new stadium when, in most cases, those people can t even afford the price of a ticket to see the inside of that Grand Monument to the Misappropriations of Public Trust . Please understand that I have no malice against the Colts or a new stadium for the team. In fact, I think it would be very nice to see a new stadium or coliseum that the Colts and the people of Indiana could be proud of. But how can you ask the people to pay for a new stadium when we are still paying for the last one? 