Unlike most people on this particular weblist, I am choosing to look at the Lakers from a historical point of view. So, here goes: circa late 1940's-early 1950's, George Mikan and Vern Mikkelson and Coach George Kundla are leading the Minneapolis Lakers to Five NBA Championships, including the league's first "three-peat" 1952-1954. Mikan retires and the team goes south (literally) when the Lakers draft Elgin Baylor and then move to Los Angeles in 1960. Throughout the 60's the Los Angeles Lakers are great, going to the Finals numerous times with Baylor and Jerry West, but keep coming up short to those Boston Celtics time and time again. With that, those Boston losses culminate in the "balloons game" (game 7 of the 1969 Finals) where the favored Lakers led by Wilt Chamberlain manage to lose another one to Bill Russell and the Celtics 108-106 in the L.A. Sports Arena. They put together one of the greatest teams of all time in 1972, winning 33 in a row and going 69-13 for the season while ultimely beating the Knicks in the Finals 4 games to one. Save for one more Finals appearance for West and company in 1973, The Lakers don't do anything for the rest of the 1970's (with the exception of trading for the venerable Kareem Abdul-Jabbar). Earvin "Magic" Johnson is drafted in 1979 and takes the team to the promised land right away playing all five positions in beating the Sixers in the 6th game for their first title in 8 years. The L.A. Lakers then proceed to put together their own "dream team" throughout the 1980's in route to 5 World Championships and 8 NBA Finals appearances with players like Norm Nixon, James Worthy, Bob McAdoo, Kareem, Byron Scott, Mychal Thompson and Kurt Rambis. And I might add, they finally beat their longtime arch-rival and nemesis the Boston Celtics for a championship in 1985 and defeated them again in 1987. After 1987, Coach Pat Riley said, "I guarantee you, we will repeat as world champions". And sure enough, they next year, 1988, they did it, by defeating the Detroit Pistons 4 games to 3 to make Coach Riley a basketball prophet. Looking back, it wasn't surprising. The Lakers were more than good enough. They had a very tough road in route to that repeat, but, as they say, "preserverance pays off" and it did for the L.A. Lakers. And even more impressive, they came close to "3-peating" the very next year, 1989, but fell short to those tough and physical Detroit Pistons in a 4 game sweep. They would make one more Finals appearance in 1991 but were clobbered by those young and hungry Michael Jordan led Chicago Bulls 4 games to 1. Soon afterward, Magic Johnson retired because of his contracting the HIV virus and predictably, the team went south (this time NOT literally) and did almost nothing in the 1990's (save for obtaining the biggest of the big men, the Diesel- the Superman - the man Hall of Fame announcer Chick Hearn called "the greatest center of all time" - Shaquille O'Neal). Then six-time world championship coach Phil Jackson arrived in Los Angeles and with the Lakers already fielding a decent team with great capabilities, Phil promptly led them to another 3-peat, the second in Laker history and the third for Phil personally. With Shaq, Kobe Bryant and Robert Horry (Big Shot Bob!) leading the way, the Lakers were hard to stop, much less beat. But age, injuries and team bickering would have their way as the San Antonio Spurs and the Detroit Pistons (with their new band of Bad Boys) would take the mantle from the 14 time world champions. Soon afterward, Shaquille got himself traded to the Miami Heat and the dynasty officially ended right then and there. So......The Minneapolis/Los Angeles Lakers have one of the greatest histories in American sports with those championships and 28 NBA Finals appearances. And their centers: George Mikan, Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Vlade Divac, Shaquille O'Neal and now Kwame Brown(?) Even though I don't get into the team, really never have and probably never will (because they are long time rivals to MY favorite NBA teams {guess which ones}), most things they have done since 1948 have been VERY IMPRESSIVE.