All right now, mateys, this was the guy that they had in mind when they coined the phrase, "five-tool player." Mays could run like the wind, play centerfield better than anyone since DiMaggio, had a cannon for an arm, was a great average hitter, and, despite weighing about 170 pounds, hit more homeruns than any non-drug enhanced player, other than Babe Ruth and Hank Aaron. Each player is to be judged on his merits as a player, at the top of his game, and over a long period of time. Herb Score does not rate with the class of hall-of-famers due to the unfortunate circumstance of meeting a baseball eye-to-eye on the while on the way to certain fame. Roger Maris, does not rate eternal greatness because his run at immortality lasted for but three years of his 12 year career. Willie Mays, on the other hand, was a bonafied superstar and perhaps the greatest player in the game for the first fifteen years of his 22 seasons in the majors. Age got to Willie in 1967, at about 36, and he was never able to be the player that he had been inn all of the years leading up until that point. From his rookie year in 1951 thru 1966 (excluding 1952, when he was called up for a stint in the Army lasting two seasons, following 34 games played), Willie averaged 180 hits, 113 runs, 38 homeruns, 105 RBI, and hit .309. In addition to this, he won a batting title, (.345 the year after he returned from the Army in 1954, while also leading his team to the World Series) led the league in triples three times, homeruns four times, slugging percentage five times, and stolen bases four consecutive times from 1956 to 1959. Willie also picked up two MVP awards and won a dozen gold gloves. It seems only fair that we judge a player according to his prime lest we be fooled into thinking that his winter years afford us a true gauge. Willie Mays was the player by whom are were judged by for over a decade and a half and can not be faulted for not living up to that same criteria in his advancing years. Those who may rate this fine, fine player simply by looking to the bottom line of his career totals need to be apprised of that.