PBeavr, your the idiot. #1, who cares about stats. Who cares about how many return yards on INT's Woodson had. Who cares how many receptions he had. Who cares how many yards he had per reception. Who cares how many punt return yards he had.. And since you are an Alabama Fan, (sorry about your luck), I will enlighten you: Charles Woodson totally shut down any receiver he played against. The best that year was All-American David Boston, who he embarrassed all game.. And since you obviously didn't watch Michigan Football that year, all you did was pull up his stats and claim that he didn't deserve the award because of Stats. Charles Woodson had an absolute enormous impact on three very imortant games that year to lead them to A National Championship. Not only was his catch against Penn State and Ohio State HUGE, but his punt return and interception against Ohio State won that game for them, along with his interception in the MSU game. See, what YOU don't understand is that Charles Woodson played very very few snaps on Offense, and very very few times did he return punts, however, when he actually was put in situations to win games for his team, he did. When you are a defensive back you don't have the chance to show case your talents unless you get the ball in your hands, because most qb's will not throw the ball your way. So what did Michigan do, they tried, at certain points in certain games, the important ones, where their offense and special teams needed some help, to get Charles more involed. They did and he came through for them. You act like he returned punts and started at Wide out all year long. He didn't, however, what he did do was make big play after big play WHEN he was called upon to do so. Your stats don't mean didally poo. You can whipe you ass with those stats. Stats are very overrated in any category of football. Winning, however is not. If all you do is win, you can take all of your stats and stick them where the sun don't shine. Not only did Charles Woodson WIN the Big Ten for Michigan that year, but he played another HUGE role in the National Championship game against Washington State with a pick in the endzone which stopped a scoring drive. Charles Woodson did the most for his team in 1997. He was the best player in the Country against the best teams in the Country that year. You know nothing about football when you compare a corner's stats from Wyoming to A corner's stats from Michigan. You no nothing about football when you state the fact that he made great catches is silly, the fact that he made great INTS is silly What do you want the guy to do?? He made plays when he had the chance to!! And you right Peyton Manning did not win the Heisman because he couldn't beat Florida. If you want to be considered the best player in the league to win the best award in the league, you better beat the best team on your schedule. Peyton Manning couldn't but Charles Woodson sure could!! By the Way, Michigan would have f'n killed Nebraska that year. Scott Frost was a joke, along with that poor excuse for a defense. 