Chauncey...WAAH-WAAH!! How many Red Sox rings does Theo have on his fingers? How many years has he been on the job? One, you friggin' idiot. He can't GM and he also should be held accountable for starting that Game 3 brawl between his Nation and my Evil Empire in the 2003 ALCS. 1) How does one GM? 2)Curt Schilling, Keith Foulke, Alex Rodriguez 3) How in the hell does a man sitting in the stands start a brawl? God damn Yankee fans are idiots. It's his fault for not punishing his players and showing accountability. MLB punishes players, not the GM. He got Karim Garcia and Jeff Nelson to stand trial as of this date since he won't take any responsibility for the brawl .... What in the hell are you talking about? Seriously, does wearing an NY on the top of your head make one a drooling idiot? I think Theo Epstein had as much to do with the bullpen brawl as Kurt Bevacqua. I feel for Garcia and Nelson. So does The Convicted Felon (Steinbrenner). He felt so much for them, he didn't give them a job for the 2004 season. So you probably won't give a sh!t about them either. Garcia was beaned near the back of the head by Pedro Martinez and instead of Pedro getting suspended for the 2004 season, Karim and Nelson have to be in court. How long was Roger Clemens suspended for actually beaning Piazza in the head? And besides you lobotomized-schmuck, the trial is for attacking a Red Sox employee. Epstein should know better. Both Garcia and Nelson are classy Yankee individuals who know what it takes to win. Jeff Nelson? Classy? The guy who made derrogatory comments toward officials of his own teams (Yankees and Mariners!) And how many world Series has Karim Garcia won? Zero. I feel especially bad for my players. One guy who comes to this site, told me that Jeff Nelson is a Neo-Nazi and I go, say what! Where's the damn evidence that Jeff Nelson had ties to a Neo-Nazi group? Just because Nelson has short red hair and a small red mustache does not make him an affiliate to any hate group. Your players? Is that you Steinbrenner? Idiot. If that guy told me that he looks like one, that's fine. But Nelson's no white supremacist. And what proof do you have that he's NOT? Theo Epstein's club plays the game like Neo-Nazi's. Well, hell, it's okay for YOU to throw stupid references out I guess... Typical idiot front-running Yankee fan. I'm sure you were a big fan back in the late 80's and early 90's. Enjoy those class-acts Sheffield and Brown. Oh, and enjoy second place...if your guys are lucky. 