Scandal has been as much a part of the University of Kentuckys basketball history as triumph. Here are the lowlights: 1952 The aftermath of a severe point-shaving scandal made UK, in effect, the first school to get the death penalty. In November, the NCAA asked its member schools not to play Kentucky in mens basketball during the 1952-53 season. The NCAA cited at least four instances over a four-year period of UK supporters giving Kentucky players money. As a result, UK canceled its basketball season. The examples of illegal subsidization of players came to the attention of the NCAA after they arose in court documents relating to the massive point-shaving scandal of the late 1940s. That national scandal ensnared at least 31 players from around the United States. Adolph Rupp, who had publicly vowed that gamblers couldnt get to our players with a 10-foot pole, was embarrassed when ex-UK stars Ralph Beard and Alex Groza admitted accepting cash. Kentuckys 7-1 center, Bill Spivey, was also accused of shaving points. Though he passed a lie-detector test and a New York jury hung 9-3 in favor of his acquittal, Spivey was nonetheless banned from basketball. 1976 Kentucky hit the daily double of cheating, going on probation in both football and mens basketball at the same time. Among violations the NCAA cited were cars and cash apparently offered to UK players, as well as some recruits who chose other schools. At the time, 12 Kentucky boosters were ordered to disassociate themselves from UK athletics. The basketball program was given two years of probation and limited to signing three new players in both 1978 and 1979. 1985 In a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative series, the Herald-Leader reported that 26 former UK basketball players said they accepted either cash or gifts from boosters. After investigating for almost three years, the NCAA said in March 1988 that it had been unable to substantiate the infractions reported by the newspaper. The NCAA reprimanded UK for not cooperating with the investigation. 1988 Some 28 days after the NCAA concluded its previous investigation, an air-freight package sent by UK to the father of a basketball recruit popped open in Los Angeles, revealing $1,000 in $50 bills. In addition to that infraction, the NCAA subsequently alleged that UK player Eric Manuel cheated on his ACT to earn a score high enough to qualify for eligibility. Ultimately, Kentucky was hit with three years of probation, including a two-year tournament ban and a one-year live TV blackout. Only the cooperation of then-UK President David Roselle in the investigation kept Kentucky from getting the death penalty, the NCAA said. There is no way any of your claims that the Wildcats are the greatest college basketball team of all time are true. Look at all of these violations and examples of cheating! And those are only the ones we caught. Odds are they've been getting away with stuff like that all along. And now you know. HOOSIERS RULE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 