Phillies have been my favorite team since I was five years old. I watched my fair share of Phillies' broadcasts, as well as the Braves on TBS, and since I'm from PA, I picked the Phillies since they were local. Coincidentally, in my first year of watching Phillies baseball, they went to the World Series in 1983, only to lose to the Baltimore Orioles in five games. I think I bawled after game five, but my optimistic grandfather assured me, Don't worry, they're still a good team, they'll win the World Series one day. LOL. With the lone exception of 1993, the Phillies from 1984-2002 were the laughingstock of the league, and I received a good deal of ribbing from bandwagon Mets, A's, Reds fans from school (remember, these were teams that went to a few World Series during the 80s and 90s; if these same kids were in junior high today, I guarantee you they'd be Yankees fans). I got a brief reprieve during the magical year of 1993, when that whacky, wild, and goofy bunch of characters seemed to have career years at the right time, resulting in one of the better World Series in history. That Game 4 was the wildest roller coaster ride of any game in any sport I've ever watched. Too bad Fregosi brought in the Wild Thing in the 9th in Game 6 rather than sticking with the red-hot Roger Mason, but I digress. Subsequently, the Phillies resumed their woeful ways in 1994, only to become competitive again in 2001, but a bad 2nd half cost them a playoff spot. The signings of Thome and Bell, along with the Millwood trade, had me pumped for the 2003 season. For the first time that I can remember, I was thinking, You know, the Phillies can really do some damage this year. They were in the playoff hunt during 2003, but came up short to Florida for the Wild Card. As I write this, they're currently a half-game behind Florida for the East lead, somewhat remarkable considering the Phils started 1-6, and have lost all 6 games head-to-head with Florida. I think they'll win the East this year, but it's contingent on beating those pesky Fish in the remaining 12-13 games they play head-to-head. GO PHILS!