Some stream of consciousness divinations on the matter...It's Montana, due respect, Johnny U-nite-us...but Joe even bested the coolest QB NAME! So Cool a city in Montana even changed its' name...but seriously, the 4 Supes, the 3 that should've been 4 Super Bowl MVP's (if he'd chosen to spread the ball around a little more this way or that, Rice doesn't set a Bowl record for yards, and Joe goes 4 for 4 in MVPs)...like several of you have already said, the genius of Walsh aside, the Niners weren't sh--, til Montana arrived--defeating Marino, and Elway, what, twice? 55-10? Talent discrepancy aside, can anyone honestly fathom Joe Montana getting whupped 55-10, in a Super Bowl? Some other tidbits: Roger Fumble-Craig doesn't pull that number in the Championship game, Niners already up, late...the Giants don't likely dominate Buffalo the whole super bowl only to watch scott norwood miss that 41yder...no, likely what would've been was a 5th Joe Montana SuperBowl victory, and a spanking of big dance wilter Buffalo...also, I remember a Monday nighter in the middle 90's, Denver vs. KC? The Drive-master, Elway, in one of those last to touch it wins it games, drives em down, late, last minute, for the go ahead score...only there are some number of seconds left, and OLD Joe, #19, leads drop happy kc to around the four yard line, and throws a zippy out for the winner...stealing one, in the only such match up between the two that the Niners didn't seem to have the upper hand...or Montana in his last game as a niner, blowing a bet my father had on the lions (who were beating the spread), by coming in late and driving for Touchdowns...or Montana taking money out of my father's hands again, in the playoffs, against the steelers, against the wind, literally and figuratively...we were at the lions playoff game against the cowboys, before they started winning superbowls again, 1991-1992, was the year...dad had seen the first half play, and remarked, "I dunno, Chris...its like he almost got old during the game"...yeah...and on 4th and goal from the ten, it's touchdown toss time, a Championship game awaits, hey look, is that JOHN CANDY again?!?! The man had a reptilian Central Nervous System...so Cold blooded-cool he treated his exwife to a beautiful night on the town and under the moonlight only to notify her of their impending divorce the next day. He's Joe MONTANA, baby...and as for Elway, Mr. 0-3, and pondering retirement...resurrected by Terrell Davis and the 2,000yd season (whichever year it was, the focus had changed, and rightly so)...He got the one, and decided to come back cuz they could win a second, and so they did...but few, hell, NO ONE but myself has ever mentioned, during that first superbowl win, against the Packers? Late, down some points...Elway threw a Choke pass in the red if not the endzone, I believe, that got dropped, by the defender...an interception, easy, opportunity lost, reprieve for Elway...whose Bronco's went on to win it...but that defender catches that ball, and I am telling you...0-4....and no reason perhaps, to return...and if so, and he won it, 1-4....not like going 4-0, 3MVP (deserving of 4), 11TD's, 0 int's...and hell, even I forgot he won TWO before mr. third person (Jerry Rice, always refers to himself in the...) arrived...oh, and, anyone ever see a replay of that college game, against the Cougars? From sickbay, after the half, ...you talk about come backs....just curious...those 31 4th quarters....where do they rank? And either way, aren't they indicative of his import, great team or not?