I'm a former coach and the thing that really bugs the crap out of me is how fundamentally poor the defense is and also the lack of proper footwork and throwing motion of Chad Henne. Is anyone watching the same game as me? There were at least 3 or 4 big running plays given up by the defense where nobody seems to understand the concept of containing the outside and also pursuit angles are just terrible. With Henne, it's the same crap every week. He is too indecisive and jittery. Reminds me a lot of Ron Powlus. Anybody agree? All of this is a direct reflection on the coaching staff because things never seem to change. When's the last time Jim Herrmann actually fielded a defense. 5 years? Maybe. Anyone remember 54-51 against Northwestern? I can't even count the number of 30-plus point games given up. Someone made a comment that Carr plays not to lose. Couldn't be more on track. I was at the Ohio State game and I can say that anyone who thought we were going to stop Ohio State on those last two drives needs to have their head examined. After the first score, we drove the ball back down the field and had a 4th and 5 on around the 35 with 3-1/2 min. to go and we send in Rivas who we all know had no chance to make it so anyone with half a football mind knows the stupid pooch kick is coming. Why not GO FOR IT!! They make it, they might keep the ball long enough to run more time off and maybe (if Rivas can get his fat leg through the ball) even make a field goal. If they don't, oh well geez, Ohio State was going to score anyway maybe there might have been some time left. The coaching philosophy sets these things up to happen all the time. By the way, while we're on kicking, is that fat body the best we have to offer? If I know LLoyd, we have another year to look forward to that. He needs to learn how to find kickers like Tressel always seems to have because he seems to realize the importance of special teams and the kicking game. Anyway, I'm tired of it and we NEED A REAL CHANGE. The current coaches need to change there ways or resign. I really wish I could have 15 minutes of Coach Carr's time and I wish this letter would find him. A lot of my questions would start with the word "why". 