I kind of like this guy (lol). I was watching that behind the scenes of the championshp season DVD, and afterward I realized something.......................those people who were saying we weren't a team and all talent ARE INSANE! Ya'll should've seen how well those boys got along, how intense the practices were, etc. And I neve realized how much one of the guys Roy was. He danced with them in the locker room, joked around with them constantly, and it even showed him and McCants talking and goofing around with each other (I never expected that). And for those who haven't seen the DVD, you have NO IDEA how much all that not a team crap helped them. Roy was infuriated! And so were the boys. After every win in the tourney they'd run in the locker room hootin and hollerin, screaming, HOW'S THAT FOR A TEAM, BABY! That not a team media blitz was the best thing that ever happened to them. But my favorite part is when it shows all the Iowa State players saying before the game, we can run with anybody. that's our game. maybe they can't run with US. Then it cuts to Jackie Manuel and he goes allright, let's run then and cracks a big smile. Then it goes in to this dramatic bad ass song playing behind higlights of our boys runnin' and dunkin' and screamin' all over Iowa State's helpless faces. Iowa State looked so HORRIFIED and helpless. That was sweet. It's also really cool when they show the locker room after we beat UCONN in their building, and Roy runs in their and goes god almighty this is FUN! And there is one scene from our locker room that will INFURIATE Kansas fans more so than they already are, maybe to the point of.........well, I won't give it away. Check it out yourselves. You can order it on tarheelblue.com. Order quick though because they're sold out and you probably won't get it until October or November. I ordered mine in April and just got it last week. I'm telling you, their has never been anything that allows this much access into Carolina. You're virtually spying on them. From practices, to locker rooms, team plane.........all that. It's awesome. It even shows nearly MJ and Dean Smith's entire stay in the locker room after the title game - laughing and hugging. It's great. Roy hugs Dean and goes, thank you coach and Dean goes, No, thank you, son. I'm telling you, it's a wet dream for a Carolina fan. Actually, it's probably really cool for fans of other teams too, besides NC State, Dook, or Kansas. Oh, and I didn't mention it's got an IMAX vibe too. All the highlights and stuff are not like what you'd see on TV. All the camera angles are from under the basket and the sideline, behind the bench. It feels like you're actuaaly there.