Portland did not know what they had. Through the media they convinced themselves they had a problem player, when really they just had a WINNER. Like 'Sheed said himself, I haven't changed at all. I play and behave the way I always have. It's people's perception of me that has changed. We all see what has happened to Portland now. And I like the technicals. It used to annoy me, but now it fires me up. He seems to get that first one on purpose, then never gets the second one. Rarely do they lose when he gets one. Plus, he might just be the most cold hearted clutch player in the game - a guy like Horry, Iverson, Kobe, or Duncan is right there as well though. And Carter hits a bunch of money shots. 'Sheed is a winner and fun to watch. I guess Webber isn't feeling so smartass today,huh? But hey, I would hate anything Carolina too if I was him.))))) ))))))))))))))))))))))UPDATE. I hate you Rasheed! I hate you! You are so stupid! Now, knowing how much that bothers you, and me being a fan of the Pistons, I ask you nicely to please shoot the ball. Buuuuuuut, please wait until the IDIOTIC opposing crowd and I let our hatred for you be known..............................that way, I know you won't miss. YOU ARE THE MAN RASHEED! Go North Carolina Pistons! Phil Ford rules! Good work on Billups, Phil. I can see the difference in him since you've been the pg coach. )))))))) )))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )))))))))))UPDATE. guaranSHEED, Grant Hill! THAT - THAT - THAT, is what I expect from a Carolina guy! What I don't expect is a Carolina guy to be available to do a halftime show, during the NBA PLAYOFFS. Enjoy your vacation, Grant. And in the future, you might not want to run your mouth when you are not even in the PLAYOFFS to make a guaranSHEED! Even if 'Sheed had lost today, and had to eat his words, it is still better than not even being there! Win, lose, vaction, playoffs, whatever - I can think of 8 CAROLINA guys who are having a better career than Hill - CURRENTLY!- forget past players. So, tell us, Grant, what do YOU expect from a Carolina guy?! 'Sheed rules! 5 star rating! 