The season is past halfway over, and it seems obvious they need some work. However, they appear dominant in one particular facet of the game. Both on offense and defense, they boast two of the best rushing units in the league surprisingly. Defensively they are slowly developing into a powerhouse. They have two of the best young, developing pass rushers in the league in Jared Allen and Carlos Hall who both had similarly spectacular rookie seasons. Jared Allen is probably never going to be Dwight Freeney, but if he can consistantly be a 10+ sacks a year guy (he had 9 his rookie season and is on pace for 13 this season), then it's all good. Their linebacking corps consists of Kawika Mitchell (the young leader of this team and leading tackler), Kendrell Bell (former Defensive Rookie of the Year and Pro Bowler), Derrick Johnson (last year's Butkis Award Winner for the best college linebacker), Keyaron Fox (the most improved defensive player in KC's training camp), Rich Scanlon (NFL Europe's Defensive Player of the Year), Gary Stills (a Pro Bowler on special teams), Boomer Grigsby (a fireball on special teams), and Kris Griffin (a fantastic rookie free agent that has already earned some playing time). The crazy thing about it is how much potential all of these linebackers have and the oldest one (Kendrell Bell) is just 27 as the youngest one (Derrick Johnson) is just 22 still and has the potential to be the best linebacker in the NFL by the time he hits his prime. With a growing secondary led by Pat Surtain and Greg Wesley, I could see this team growing into a top 5 defense as soon as next year. Their once again #1 ranked offense has been great in year's past and could continue that domination by just patching a couple holes on the o-line (at least a new left tackle), a fullback, and a QB in a couple years. They have a great young running back in Larry Johnson. They have 2 solid tight ends in Tony Gonzalez and the younger Kris Wilson. All of their recievers besides Eddie Kennison are still young and two of them (Samie Parker and Craphonso Thorpe) have the talent to be #1s. I don't know if they can do it this year, but, depending upon the offseason, this could be the team to watch next year. 