LT is definetly amongst the elite backs in the league. No doubt he's a perrenial pro bowler for a reason. Marty Schottenheimer believes he's the best running back to put on a jersey. I would like to distance myself from that frame of mind since I'm sure Barry Sanders, Walter Payton, Marion Motley, Eric Dickerson, Larry Csonka, and many others all would have something to say about that. I don't think he's the best back right now for that matter. Since Legalize_It decided to compare LT and Shaun Alexander, let's compare LT and LJ. Against common opponents at the time I'm writing this (Oakland, Buffalo, New England, Denver, Dallas) since he's started, Larry Johnson has done better on each of them than LaDainian Tomlinson besides New England. Combined total between those 5 common opponents LJ has 641 rushing yards on 136 carries for an average of 4.7 yards. LT on the other hand had 411 rushing yards on 107 carries for a measley average of 3.8 yards. Against Dallas LJ got just a yard shy of double what LT did, and he got nearly 3 times as many against Denver. It gets worse if you include the Jets, whom LJ didn't start against, but still had more yards than LT (110 on 9 carries for LJ compared to 107 on 25 for LT.) In the time period that Larry Johnson has been a starter he's greatly outperformed LT. In the last six games LJ has 852 yards compared to 588 for LT. Then there's always the ultimate insult, the fact LJ has already surpassed LT for yards on the season with 7 less starts and no signs of slowing down. All that wasn't to say LT sucks. He's one of the best backs in the NFL. However, it's to justify that he might not be deserving of a Pro Bowl this year. Besides, he has the help of an underrated o-line and the best blocking fullback in the league in Lorenzo Neal. UPDATE: Vick7, I find it kind of funny that you think no one can stop LaDainian Tomlinson. He's also only had one 100+ rushing yard game against the Chiefs in the last 3 years (106 yards over two years ago) including just 47 yards in their last matchup, so it's been shown that a team can beat him consistently. On top of that, the Eagles held him to just 7 yards on 17 carries, showing it's possibly to entirely remove him from the game. Even the Bills, literally the worst rush defense in the NFL, held him to just 67 yards this season. His legend might be an unbeatable force, but he himself is not. 