an overall losing record in the ACC * a 55-73 record in the ACC creating * a 43% ACC winning percentage * 0 ACC Championships * 0 Final Fours * 0 Elite Eights * 0 Sweet 16s * a Top 25 ranking in approximately 5% of the weeks that he has coached * 12-22 record against weak OOC opponents away from home * only 1 RPI ranking better than #32 in the country * only 2 RPI rankings better than #53 in the country * 3 NCAA Tournament appearances * 2 NCAA Tournament victories * 0 1st place ACC Finishes * 1 #2 seeds in the ACC Tourney * 0 #3 seeds in the ACC Tourney * 2 #4 seeds in the ACC Tourney * 1 #5 seeds in the ACC Tourney * 1 #6 seeds in the ACC Tourney * 1 #7 seeds in the ACC Tourney * 2 #8 seeds in the ACC Tourney * 31-76 overall record against NCAA Tourney teams * 26-76 record against Top 50 RPI * three best RPI finishes of: #18, #53, #32 * 10-19 regular season record against NCAA Tournament teams in the last three great years Nine years ago (1996), Herb Sendek was named the 17th head basketball coach in the 110-year history of NC State University. NC State administrators hired the young man to help rebuild the basketball program into the national power it once was in the 1970s. The administrators also wanted Herb Sendek to mirror some of the prominence the program had obtained in the 1980s. Once accepting the position as head coach of the NC State basketball team, Sendek knew his responsibilities were to (1) run a clean program (2) bring in athletically gifted players that could excel academically and graduate, and (3) return the NC State basketball program back into an annual contender in the ACC and ultimately a national powerhouse throughout the country. Many Wolfpack family members understood that rebuilding would take some time. During his tenure, Herb certainly accomplished the first two goals. However, he has not completed the ultimate goal that fans and alums have been searching for since the days of Jimmy Valvano or the earlier years of Norm Sloan and Everett Case. The Wolfpack family members never imagined that, after nine years of supporting this program, it would still be mediocre. This coach has had eight seasons and has never won a regular season title. He has currently been given a 9th year too win an ACC regular season title, but it looks extremely doubtful this will happen given the team's current performance under his leadership. Although even when his teams did play in a few ACC Championship games, they never won. His teams have been invited to NIT and NCAA tournaments, yet they have never won. His teams have never advanced beyond the 2nd round of the NCAA tournament, and not one NBA player has ever been produced under his leadership. The development of players needs to be examined especially since more transfers have occurred during Herb's 9-year tenure than the past two coaches combined. So is Herbs progress or lack thereof acceptable? Many of the fans, alums and some supporters would say NO! Many Wolfpack fans and alums are puzzled and wonder why so many of the university's huge donors continue to accept such mediocrity? When will they say 'enough is enough and we need a change'? Why haven't they realized that Herb is not able to fully revive the program? Although some important strides have been made, this program is stuck in step two of its three-step program and has remained at this point for the past five years. During Herbs tenure, UMD, Ga. Tech, Wake Forest elevated their programs. When the basketball program at UNC was having difficulty, it only took UNC administrators approximately three years to realize the coach would not be able to lead them to any victories. Now NCSU has a program with several ACC Regular Season Titles, ACC Tournament Titles and two National Basketball Championships. So just how much longer will it take the administrators at NCSU realize that Herb Sendek is not going to make it to step three? In my final assessment, any genius or idiot should have been able to figure out by now that we need a new coach for our mens basketball team at North Carolina State University. To the fans who want change, the only way to get the administrators of North Carolina State University to hear our howls is to boycott the mens basketball games. If the university is unable to hear the howl for a change in the mens basketball program, then they should not hear the sound of a busy cash register at the ticket office or donated alumni dollars being counted. Please write letters to the administration stating why you have suddenly chosen not to support the school in any matter financially. Perhaps then we can finally advance past mediocrity and forward to step three. BlackwolfIII has spoken, who will listen? 