Easily the greatest collage running back, really playing only his junior year while backing up Thurman Thomas his first two. His marks of single season rushing and single season touchdowns are still records in the NCAA, and no one is has ever really come close to matching them. He was short, but tough and stocky. Something like 5'8 but also just over 200 pounds! He was too quick, and too strong to be brought down by one player, and his greatest attribute of all, explosiveness. He was probably the greatest back to watch, as he could make the best talkers look extremely bad. Whereas Brown would simply run a player over (noting wrong with that though), he would go around them easily. He could juke anyone, and he was probably the greatest player with the least amount to say. Unlike the great players of today (really no one comes close to his caliber today, but, for the purpose of comparison) he did not shove anything in the defense's face, rather, after he made a great play, it simply got up and went on to make another one. In other words, he was no Chad Johnson. Never have I ever seen someone of such great talent been so soft spoken. It is quite amazing too me to see such a player be so humble. I am proud today to be a Lions' fan simply because he wore that Honolulu blue for 11 seasons. Throughout his career, Sanders fought for yards against one man, another legend, Emmitt Smith. Both these men battled for rushing titles against each other for many, many years. Now, I am not trying to take away from Smith, who may be the better all around player, but if you compare the players he had around him (especially the offensive line), the Cowboys' talent completely overshadows the Lions' (or lack there of). The D-Boys had one of the greatest QBs ever in Troy Aikmen, we had Scott Mitchell. How many times did Dallas' entire (or a large part of it) go to the Pro Bowl? And how many Pro-Bowl OLM did the Lions'? And what happened to Smith's productivity after that great OL began to break up due to money problems, retirements and injuries? Smith's numbers went down from consistently over 1500 yards to consistently under 1200. I once heard that throughout his career in Dallas, when ever Smith touched the ball, the average FIRST TACKLE ATTEMPT was made 3-4 yards from the line. So, on average, the first attempt the defense had at Smith was three yards from the O-Line. Sanders' average; 0. On average, the first tackle attempt was made at the line itself. I heard this from a writer of ESPN's SportCentury special on Sanders, and was not all that surprised. Smith ended his career in shame, IMO, playing as a backup back to one of the worst teams in the league, only playing because he wanted to break Payton's record, a record Walter well always deserve more. I understand Sanders' retirement completely. One, he was tired of being on a team like the Lions were in the last 20th, early 21st Century. 2nd, and more importantly, he felt as if he could not play the game like he use to be able to. He retired with controversy, but he retired with his dignity, his last year putting up 1500 yards rushing, almost 2000 all purpose. Smith retired about 2 (maybe 3 or 4) years late, both years he spent playing with the Cardinals. His second last year where he tallied an amazing 200 total yards, great work, and finished under 3 yards a carry. His last year, where he played a bigger role, he tallied 900 yards, but still only averaged about 3 yards a carry. Sanders never had under 1300 yards when he got over 300 attempts. I think that the most amazing stat Sanders has made is that he had 99 or 100 touchdowns in his career (can't remember which). What's so amazing about that? The Lions', in all their wisdom, didn't use Sanders in a lot of Red Zone situations. So, all those chances within the ten or five were given to a bigger back with a tenth of the talent. He could have easily tallied more, but maybe that actually did lead to his lack of injuries. His decision to retire well always be called into question, and even his longevity, but this is hardly ever called into question with Jim Brown. He played one year less then Sanders, and he is still considered the greatest, mostly because the question of 'What could have been?' is made, same really with Billy Sims. So, I think 'What could have been?' is far more clear with Sanders', and what could have been was a rushing record. Anyway, Sanders was not a legendary blocking back, nor a great receiving back, but, his ability to make holes where there were none, and make plays with a sad offense around him were his career accomplishments. In his entire career, he averaged over 5 yards a carry and was selected to the Pro-Bowl every single year of his career. He could have easily surpassed Payton's record at 31, but, maybe most shocking to die-hard fans, and toughest to understand, he just didn't care that much. It wasn't an issue, 