[24 JAN Update] Who's CRYING NOW!!! The Eagles are going to the SUPER BOWL!!! While everybody disses Philly because they lost 3 years before, the first loss (to the Rams) was a free pass, as they were heavy underdogs. Major injuries affected their losses to TB and the Panthers. But this year, despite the loss of T.O., the Eagles were remarkably healthy, especially on D. This year's version of the Eagles meant business. They never trailed in any of their playoff games. And to be honest with you, the only people stressing out were the Eagles Fans, not the Eagles. There's jubilation in Cheesesteak City. Only people from Philly know the breadth and depth Philly exults their sports team. It's almost like a scene out of Biblical Rapture. I remember when the Flyers won their first Stanley Cup in 1974. TWO MILLION swarmed Broad Street to celebrate. I think Atlanta might have got a couple HUNDRED people celebrating when the Braves won the World Series. The Pats are in for a big surprise come Super Bowl XXXIX (Is it me, or did the Roman's invent their numeral system to number Super Bowls). [Original Post] Though everyone says it, the Eagles are not football's version of the Chicago Cubs. They have won NFL championships in 1948, '49, and '60 (beating Lombardi's Packers in that one). They were in Super Bowl XVI, though they did not play too well. There has been a lot of heartbreak in between, years of losing, followed by Buddy Ryan's 0-for-3 Playoff showing in from 1988 to 1990, to the gut wrenching NFC title foibles of the past 3 years. The only one that really hurt was the loss to Tampa Bay. All the ingredients were there for a Philly love fest as they said farewell to the vet, but the Buc's did the equivalent of getting the debutante pregnant at her Junior League Bowl. The Carolina loss wasn't too bitter, because the Eagles would have been destroyed by the Pats anyhow. This year, even without T.O., the Iggles have to be heavy favorites to win the NFC. They are far better and far healthier than the previous 4 playoff teams. I am of the belief that Andy Reid was a genius for resting his team (particularly the defense). I would be thoroughly amazed if the Eagles failed to get to the Super Bowl. But Philly fan has not had a Champion since the 'Sixers in 1983. Finally, Eagles fans are the best fans in the world, because whether they are winning or losing, they are ardent and emotional about their team (I heard the Panthers could not even fill their stadium this year).