As college football teams go, my seething hatred for Notre Dame is up there with idiot Michael Moore and the awful Friends. My main reason I hate the Crying Irish or Lying Irish or Money-grubbing Irish is that every Notre Dame Grad I have ever met have been the rudest and downright meanest cretins I've known. One guy, who was once my boss and a HUGE Notre Dame alum and fan, was such an abusive a**hole, I may just offer him out if I ever see him again. But I hate Notre Dame for so many other reasons. They only remain an Independent because they extort NBC for Mega-Millions for TV rights. In return, NBC Sports feature event is airing a very lousy football team. But when the ACC was throwing BIG Jack $$$ in front of Notre Dame's booger-encrusted nose, the Irish suddenly felt the dire need to be affiliated with a football conference (even though, I can't figure out how a school in Indiana figures to be an ACC school. Thus they were able to extort even more JACK from NBC. Notre Dame claims all of their tradition, like Knute Rockne, the Gipper, the Four Horsemen, and plays their stupid fight song over and over. And lemmings throughout the nation soak it all up, paying millions for Notre Dame merchandise even though 90% of those who buy it never went to Notre Dame or even know where Notre Dame is. There is no magic or ghosts surrounding ND's success in the 70s and 80s. It's all a lie. Read Under the Tarnished Dome. You'll see that Notre Dame's program is not that different than Miami's Program in the early 90s or Oklahoma during the Switzer years. So when the administration finally cracks down on Notre Dame Football's transgressions (it is a Catholic school, for God's sake), now they whine about how their now rigid admissions and academic standards had made the playing field unlevel in NCAA football. The actual fact of the matter is, nobody, who can play football a lick, wants to go to this school anymore when they can go to a real school. So where does that leave the Losing Irish -- they stink. They have had losing records in 3 of the past 5 years, even though they continue to schedule stiffs like Navy, SMU, and Air Force. They are the only College Football team to lose their last 6 Bowl games. Already in '04, they lost to a horrible BYU. They have no offense. They play Michigan this week. ESPN has such little regard for ND anymore, that they pulled the Mich-ND game from their Gameday broadcast because they know it's going to be a rout for Michigan. Notre Dame can easily go 2-9 this yeat. Here is a new Nickname for Notre Dame: Team Irrelevant.