Let me remind people that he is 25 years old. At age 25 jordan was in his fourth year in the NBA when he was getting schooled by Detroit. At age 21 Kobe won his first of three rings. I believe it was his shot over Jason Kidd in 2nd round of the playoffs in 2000 that won the game with only 2 seconds to go. Later in the same year, he made probably one of the most exciting plays in Lakers playoff history with the ally-oop to Shaq against Portland on that fourth quarter comeback. The following year, he led the Lakers in point as Lakers won the second of three rings with an amazing 15-1 record in the playoffs. Then, in 2002 sufferring through injuries he came back and with Shaq on the side led the Lakers to another championship. In 2003 when Shaq was hurt, Kobe Bryant put up the most amazing numbers in February in which he scored 40+ point in 9 consecutive games. Even though they failed to win the series againt Spurs which ultimately came down to Robert Horry's three, Kobe Bryant established himself as one of the best to ever play the game. The rape charge as we saw did not effect Kobe's game what so ever, it actually forced Kobe to play harder than ever. In 2004 as Lakers lost to Detroit in the Final, and the dismateling of the Lakers dynasty, it could have not been better for Kobe. As a fan of Lakers basketball, I am more than excited for the next season. The showtime is back, and Lakers will prove all the media and the critics wrong. I believe that they are probably the second or the third best team in the west behind maybe minn. and san antonio. Kobe Bryant has nothing to worry about, I gurrantee that Kobe Bryant will end up as the greatest to play the game of basketball. He has purhaps passed Michael Jordan after what he did to Portland in the last game of the 2004 season and even proved himself to be as clutch or even better than Jordan during the last second of the game. Example, 2004 finals againts Detroit game 4 when he made the 25 footer to win it. Right now, if I had to chooose anyone to shoot the last shot, I would choose Kobe over any player that has ever played the game that includes Jordan, Bird, even Magic. By the way if anyone is going to argue that Jordan is better than Kobe because of his numbers, that's bull crap because if we are going to judge players by the numbers that they put up, than I must say Wilt Chamberlain is the greatest or even Oscar Robinson, the last man to have a quadruple double.