I have had to listen to the comparison for years and years now about who the best 10 NBA players of all time are. It is crazy to compare two players such as Michael Jordan to Wilt Chamberlain. And here's why: How do you rank them? One-on-One? Guarding one another during a Five-on-Five game? You tell me when Chamberlain gets on the block that he couldnt score ALL DAY LONG on Jordan? Well of course, one-on-one, Chamberlain wouldnt be as agile as Jordan and not nearly the ball handler of a GUARD(for God's sake). The facts are that you can't compare players that didn't play the same position throughout their respective careers. I just used Jordan and Chamberlain as ridiculous examples, but the same would apply to Bird VS. Jordan, or Magic VS. Bird. Although these three players played many times against each other in the same era, you can't tell me that just because Jordan scored 63 points in Boston Garden (Bulls lost that game by the way and got SWEPT out of the playoffs by Bird's Celtics, or has everyone forgotten that?) that he was better than Bird. What is the magic formula for judging the best players of all time? It can't just be stats. I rarely see the all-time scoring leader, Kareem, at the top of anyone's list. It can't be NBA championship rings, otherwise, Bill Russell would ALWAYS win. The first thing is that one can not compare two different positions to each other. Jordan WAS NOT better than Bird. Jordan WAS better than ANY OTHER Shooting Guard. So, if we are going to rank players, let's do it by position. Center 1. Bill Russell 2. Wilt Chamberlain 3. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 4. George Mikan 5. Hakeem Olajuwon Power Forward 1. Kevin McHale 2. Bob Pettit 3. Tim Duncan 4. Karl Malone 5. Charles Barkley Small Forward 1. Larry Bird 2. John Havlicek 3. Elgin Baylor 4. Julius Erving 5. Dominique Wilkins Shooting Guard 1. Michael Jordan 2. Bill Sharman 3. Clyde Drexler 4. George Gervin 5. Sam Jones Point Guard 1. Oscar Robertson 2. Magic Johnson 3. Jerry West 4. Bob Cousy 5. Walt Frazier 