The greatest coach of all time next to Red Auerbach. He takes teams that are good and brings them over the edge to win championships. His triangle offense and strong defenses make him the best in the business. People often criticize him saying he wins with the best players. What else is he supposed to do, try to lose? When he tookover the Bulls, Doug Collins failed to win championships with them. Jackson installed the triangle offense and developed a one-two punch with Scottie Pippen and Michael Jordan to lead them to six championships. Del Harris could never take the Lakers to the Finals, but when Jackson tookover, he brought them three titles with the triangle and retooling the role players. A lot of people criticize him saying that he doesn't develop players. However, he developed Scottie Pippen, Devean George, Luke Walton, Ron Harper, Horace Grant, Kobe Bryant, etc. He makes players into better defenders as his defenses are always ranked in the top tier of the NBA. He often plays a 1-4 Box Zone which allows his players to get easy rebounds. His teams all play excellent transition defense to kill off fast breaks and force teams into a halfcourt game. He is famous for playing in the halfcourt and not allowing his players to push the ball up the court. Phil has also been well known to shut down stars and limit their offense production. He turned Jordan, Pippen, Bryant, and O'Neal into champions when other coaches failed to even reach the finals with them. Role players became better defenders and achieved career highs under him such as Horace Grant, Bill Cartwright, Steve Kerr, and many more. He uses unique strategies such as not calling timeouts when you would expect him to, calling timeouts in between free throws, using all 60 seconds to make a substitution when one of his players fouls out, and using his bench to the fullest. He will sacrifice losses in the middle of a season to get his reserves playing time so that they are prepared to log important minutes if needed in the playoffs. He doesn't care about personal statistics and only the result of the game. He will not hesitate to pull his players out when they are one pass or point shy of hitting a triple-double or gaining 40 points. He only cares about winning the game. Jackson doesn't allow his players to overrule him or gain the upper-hand on him as he will have them dismissed or traded. He is not afraid to play aggressive basketball when he needs to take the mental edge of a game. His 9-nba championships, versatility, ability to communicate with players, and ability to develop players make him the greatest coach in the game. None of these other coaches compare to him until they have 9 rings on their fingers to show for. He is 3-1 against Greg Popovich in the playoffs. He is 1-1 against Larry Brown (and 8 more rings). He is 1-1 against Chuck Daly. When Jordan left the Bulls, he was one foul away from taking the Bulls to the Finals with Scottie Pippen. He believes in his team and makes would-be mediocore players become clutch shooters and overachievers. Rick Fox shutdown Peja against the Kings. Robert Horry, Derek Fisher, and Ron Harper have all hit clutch shots. When he wins games, he gives a game ball to a player, and tells that player to pass it to a player he thinks deserves it. He refers to everything as "we" and not "I." He currently is in the rebuilding process of the Lakers and I have the fullest confidence that he will once again be back in the finals on his way to his 10th ring to surpass Red as the greatest coach of all time.