The future is bright. A new arena, good picks, plenty of cap space. Yep, in a couple years they'll have an established Okafor, Felton, May, and plenty of cash to go after a big name player. Also, I hear they're planning on painting May, Okafor, and Felton 15 stories big on an Uptown Charlotte building. That's cool. And for those of you who say they only picked the Carolina guys to sell tickets.. ..............well, that was definitely a factor. I mean, Tarheel fans do dominate this fanbase, and have so since fanbases existed in this world, but to imply that was the only reason is idiotic. Tell me May isn't a steal at #13. He's ALREADY leading the NBA summer league in rebounding. And Felton is ALREADY proving to be better suited for the NBA than Paul or Deron Williams. He's outperforming both of them in every statistical category in summer league play. I can't fathom how some had him the 3rd best pg behind those two. His pg game is so obviously natural. Mad handles, best speed, great shooter. Plus, he went to Carolina. We all know how Tarheels perform at the next level. I've said when Ray was a SOPHOMORE, he's the most natural, fun to watch pg Carolina has ever had. I would've picked him #1. Wait 10 years and tell me I was wrong. Ray makes you say WOW!, and teams that passed on him WILL regret it. I know I sound bias when I say this, but that honestly is not the case - if you take ANY PLAYER ANY PLAYER over a kid who starred at Carolina, you will regret it. History has proven this with Worthy, Jordan, Smith, Jamison, Carter, Wallace, etc. I would pick a Carolina guy if I had NEVER seen them play. I mean, you just know they're going to be awesome. Ticket sells are just a bonus of being located in NC. All those people who said Paul this, Williams that are the same ones who in 3 years will be saying, they should've taken Felton - mark my words. I GUARANTEE IT. When you watch Ray, you can just see it, feel me? I can't explain it. It's just that he is so obviously the man. And May just works so hard, you know he'll be good. I love the picks. I'd love those picks if they had attended Dook. One thing is certain, nobody will outrebound us with Okafor and May down there. So, for all those who say our picks weren't based on basketball skill, I bet you don't say that by the time the allstar break rolls around. You watch and see haters. Hell, I'm ECSTATIC over the picks Mr. Johnson and Bickerstaff made! That new arena is going to be rocking with Carolina blue. YESSSSSSSSS! And now , even with all the people moving to Charlotte from around the nation for job purposes, the Carolina fanbase in Charlotte and South Carolina will be further cemented. WE GOT THIS ON LOCKDOWN! I love it, baby. All of the other big 4 school's efforts to establish a fanbase around the state, just took a MAJOR step backward. More Carolina fans, MORE MORE MORE MORE! I love it! We own this! Thank God Mr. Johnson and Bickerstaff understand this community, and how to win, business wise and on the court. Perfect. PERFECT MOVE. With decisions like this being made, the 'Cats will be far more successful at the game and in the community, than the Hornets ever were. I just knocked on wood. I hope the Bobcats fail in this city.................wink wink. Later hater. You know what's funny, at the draft, all the oblivious commentators were saying we should take Paul to get in good with community. MORONS. DON'T ASSUME you know this community from your fancy little Bristol, Connecticut studios. People in Charlotte hate Wake Forest! Morons. That is pretty common knowledge in these parts. Do your research. Morons. People would've gone to games just to BOO Paul if they had picked him. 