The Herminator!!! Master motivator. He simply loves the game and his players and you can feel that when he speaks. He's an awesome guy on and off the field. Hung too long with Teddy running the flex zone and poor defensive fronts. The run defense was a horror show!!! Needed to dump the linebacking core this year and has. Hopefully it pans out. With the addition of a big receiver and Chad healthy big things are gonna happen. 11-5 this year!! Playoff birth!!! (we also need a right offensive guard.) But things are going to be a-ok with the gang green this year! UPDATE: Looks like the Jets are about to be fleeced again, this time by KC. The Jets are simply a heartbreaking team to root for. Before this season, which saw the Jets lose 11 starters to IR, Herm Edwards was the winningest coach in Jets history. He had lead the Jets to the playoffs 3 out of the 4 years he was coach and was a Doug Brien field goal away from sending the Jets to the AFC Championship last year. But now, Woody Johnson fresh off his inability to get the Jets their own stadium- and political defeat at the hands of NYC liberals who hate anything built in their yard (including homeless shelters, jails, Wal-Marts, Home Depots and football stadiums)- is looking to SAVE MONEY! Yes, one of the richest men on the planet, the heir to the Johnson and Johnson fortune is looking to SAVE MONEY NOW... so he's letting Herm go to KC. Will probably trade down our number 5 pick in the draft and will hire a coach on the cheap- say... Jim Haslett from the Saints (yeah, a real winner there). What can Jets fans do? Basically nothing. The games are literally sold out 15 years in advance! I've had season tickets for 18 years now... and have been on the waiting list for another two for the last 7 years... Im now 4230 on the list. So Herm will go down on a list of other notable coaches who kicked us in the balls, or left because this organization couldn't care less about its fans. Parcells pissed on the man in the glass (remember the pathetic poem he left after ditching the Jets and ending up in Dallas?), Bellichek was coach for a day before bailing to New England (where he's won 3 Super Bowls of course), Al Groh was coach for a year before realizing the Jets suck ass and bailed out to the University of Virginia.... yup now we have Herm off to KC. What a joke. 