UPDATE#2: 'Duke919', I DO give him his due respect. He's great! He and his team are going to dominate next year. I know that. I'm just sick of all these ridiculously bold statements, and 3 pointer talk. Hell, didn't Felton or Paul lead the ACC in 3% anyway? Yeah, he's good off the screen. Yeah, he can shoot. Yeah, he's a leader. Yeah, he knocks down freethrows. But trust me, there is a reason he didn't leave early, and it wasn't to win a championship. Feel me? As far as all your individual awards that Carolina guys didn't get - we got the award that counts. And actually, Felton got the Bob Cousy award for top PG in the nation. AND JUST YESTERDAY, May got Male ACC ATHLETE of the year. Not just hoops - all ACC sports. And probably would've gotten ACC basketball player of the year, if all the votes hadn't been turned in in JANUARY. Read up. It's a rule that I feel needs to be changed. How can you vote for ACC POY with half the schedule left to be played? UPDATE: okay, dude. You truly demonstrate the lack of ACC history knowledge by implying we're through. All of you are so DENSE. You act as if you don't even realize half your team will be gone after next year (like NC this year), and in '06-'07 we'll have what we do this year plus Tywon Lawson, Ellington, and 2 or 3 top 15 players to come by November. Christ, you're the definition of lack of foresight. You'll never break .500 with us - EVER! The sad thing is, YOU ALREADY KNOW THAT, but don't have the character to admit it. And yeah, newblood, the Smith days are over, but in case you haven't noticed, Roy coaches the EXACT same way Smith did. The Carolina philosophy of play hasn';t changed in 30 years! What Roy does is simply copy Smith - it works. DEAN SMITH STILL COACHES CAROLINA, idiot. He just has a differnt face. At our program you don't learn from Smith and then try something new - you just do exactly what he did! Matty D learned that with the quickness. WE are the premier program in this country, and trust me, Roy Williams coming home is the worst thing that ever happened to you. You'll still be good, of course. But get ready to relive the 90's as far as your success against US. Think of the young players we'll have in '05-'06, and now ponder the greatest recruiting class in the history of recruiting classes joining them in '06-'07. We already have the #1 ranked PG and #1 ranked SG commited, and Roy is after every badass big man in the country. Sheeeeeit, get real. Have fun next year because it's over after that and YOU KNOW IT! scouthoops.com! And don't be so sure about our complete failure next year. I like our squad. Roy is just being bashful. 5 top 100 recruits, plus Noel, Terry, Sanders, and a better than you thought Thomas.. We'll be as good as UK was last year. SCOUTHOOPS.com! JJ Redick is a great shooter! Think Terry and Sanders are a joke? Just watch. You know the ACC like Battier knows cool. If you're actually from here, your parents are jerks for not telling you the real deal. Be honest, where you from?- Pennsylvania? Jersey? Redick is a great shooter. DOES This mean you don't want to meet me at the science museum, NERD? Redick is a great shooter. )))))))))))))))UPDATE: '919', Check '2005 tourney teams, Duke' for my discussion. After that, stop messaging me. You're not saying anything, and I'm bored. When I say, Manuel guarsd Redick well, and you say that's not true because Redick hit the first shot of the game against Carolina, we're not exactly having a good debate. I'm out of your league on these matters. Look at the stuff I write compared with what you write. You don't know the game. Redick is a great shooter. UPDATE: I disagree with 'Dukesucks'. Among the actual COLLEGE players left on this list, he probably should be #1 on here. You got NBA guys on here. A lot of the other guys on here were draft prospects unlike JJ. The guys better than him, are millionaires among the big boys now. So, among the boys who are still in college, he probably is #1. Needless to say, the NBA draft crop next year will be kinda lame. Redick will probably get Natl POY. BUT, (and you can quote me on this) he won't get drafted before #10. Too weak, too slow. He can dominate college, but I see him having his scrawny hands full with Artest, Bryant, McCants, etc. He needs to PUT ON WEIGHT. K is ruining his furture with that losing weight stuff. K only cares about them in a Dook jersey. He'll get banged around like a pin ball at that weight, among the big boys. 