the first player since jordan to avg. 23plus points his rookie season (along with seven+ assist).Broke rookie record held by wilt chamberlain for 36 years of 4 straight games with 40 points or more, plus one with 50. what many people don't think about virginia player of the year(as a junior) in football& basketball won state Title in both same year also, WoW and didn't either his senior year due to bolling alley incident.Only two years of college, so looking at it from different perspective you can say he played only one year of college. 10th faster player in history to score 15,000 points in career(take into consideration he's had only one season were he's all 82 games.fourth highest career scoring avg,lead league in steals 4 of the last 5 years. Larry hughes lead for the first time last year he made 1st All defensive team, Iverson have not chosen AI once,(Why is that ask yourself). shot alot early in career cause of extreme confidence, shoot alot now because of (Necessity). Has had mediocre talent around him since The Brown Era and has never complained, In fact larry Brown philosophy is when iverson has the ball crash boards because he demands double and Triple teams which leaves the offensive boards open. So he wants iverson to put the ball up even if it's not a good shot(for those who never played organized basketball.Shortest player ever to win league MVP and should atleast have Two( 2004 season 1st in scoring,5th in assist,2nd in steals,tied for 1st in minutes played). Second highest scoring avg. 30.3 points all-time for the playoffs only Micheal Jordan with 32.3 is better.(This is when a players greatness is judge people).One of only Two players ever(the other is Jordan) to score 50 or more twice in a playoff series(against Vince & toronto 2001. 1 of only 4 players(JORDAN,WEST,ANDARCHIBALD)to avg 30+pts.& 7+ ast. in same season(2004). I literally can go on and on, But my point is IVERSON is the most underrated basketball player ever, the media can hype up anyone they want as the best player in the league but who ever it may be Kobe,Tracy,Lebron,Nash,or Wade (whom have said many times on National television even at the allstar Game that patterned most of his game behind Iversons why do you think he wears #3) all go to sleep at night kwowning the Answer trully is IVERSON,and everyone else in the league (Behind closed doors offcourse)knows he is too. 