He was always a jerk, but his disruptive plays style and superior skills kept me from disliking him. Well, ol Warren hasn't done a whole heck of a lot the last few years here in Tampa. This guy's attitude has gotten wayyy out of control and now he think's he's above criticism. He purposefully bumped that official last Sunday, let's not mince words about it. Sapp is paid $6.5 million a year to use his natural athleticism to win football games. Sapp has been an athlete all his life and there is no reason at all to believe that he would bump that guy accidently. And if it WAS an accident, why didn't he turn around and apologize? The fine was deserved, but his slavemaster comments were not. Nice job Warren. Let's equate your $6.5 MILLION DOLLARS you get for playing a GAME with the plight of people who were routinely beaten and treated like sub-humans. Sapp has also made plenty of inflammatory comments here in toan, and is the kind of guy that's all smiles and wit when the camera is on, but get him outside the range of a lens and he is a complete jerk. Now, let's get to his play on the field. I've been living in Tampa since 1998 and I've watched Sapp for the last 5 seasons. The last three seasons, he has contributed almost nothing to this team's defense. Some claim that it's because he's double teamed all the time, and he's pulling people off his teammates like Rice so they can make plays. Oh really? Does anyone remember somebody named Reggie White who was ALSO double and triple teamed his entire career? That didn't stop Reggie, a REAL man, from getting the all time sack record and for being a dominant force on the field his entire career. Sapp plays DT which is a different position, so he get's a LITTLE slack vs. White, but consider this as well: The Bucs defense for the last few years have shown a weakness. You can run UP THE MIDDLE on Tampa Bay. Most of their losses over the last three years have been due to teams pounding the Bucs up the middle in the running game. WHO plays in the middle? WHO is assigned to stop runs up the middle? Number 99, that's who! Sapp, thankfully, will be gone after this season since his contract is up. Tampa won't re-sign him for the money he wants, and no doubt some other team will believe the hype and pay him his asking price. Good riddance.