Ok, where do I start? First about this arrogant comment Duke is the crap on our Nikes and our current squad will prove it soon Prove what? That your team is a bunch of losers that lost to Duke (who is a seventh ranked team while UNC was second by the way!) You seemed to have proved everything last night huh. Where are all the trash talking UNC fans now? Off hiding, hanging their heads because they can't stand that Duke beat them (like they do every year, they really should get used to it!) I was laughing my head off after the game when Duke won, because I thought of those UNC fans staring at the TV, mouths wide open in shock. How could we lose to Duke? They were thinking. Simple question with a simple answer. DUKE PLAYED BETTER! Face it. Where was Rashaad McCants? The supposed best player in the NCAA? He had all of what? Nine points? And he played almost all game. DeMarcis Nelson, Duke's freshman, only played half a game and still had 16 points! (more than McCants and the great Marvin Williams) This is what I love about Duke Basketball proving the millions of people who are against us wrong! When JJ Redick hit that first three of the game, I thought to myself This is another reason I love Duke bball. They can do things like that. That shot set the tempo for the whole game, and Carolina never could quite catch up. Despite the valiant efforts of their oh so great players. Props to Sean May though. He had a good game. I was thinking last night about all the Duke haters last night and the insults they continually throw at us. Frankly, I'm surprised some of theses UNC fans can actually put together a cohesive sentence(Get out your dictionary) I give you major props for that. And at least your insults are classier than Maryland's F*** you JJ! taunts. Unoriginal yes, but classy. Duke basketball is and always will be great. I'm tired of repeatedly throwing stats out at Carolina fans. Obviously they don't understand them, otherwise they wouldn't be talking crap about us. Take the stats from last nights game for example. Duke had 17 steals and UNC had 4. UNC had 21 turnovers and Duke had 7. Also look at the scoreboard. Who came up on the top at the end? Point proven.