An amazing coach. I am a Temple alum and I rank him #2 as the most important Templar, behind Bill Cosby. Chaney is the inventor of the match-up zone defense which makes Temple a dangerous team to play. Also a great motivator with a good track record in getting his players (largely minority players) either into the NBA, into coaching, or otherwise successful careers. He has a sterling winning record. Albeit, he never has taken the Owls to the Final Four, I think thrice he got them to the Elite Eight and once to the NIT Final 4. Until recently, Temple always seemed to finish with a rather unimpressive record (like 17-12 or something), but earn a Big Dance Bid by virtue of their strength of schedule, and consistently make it to the Sweet 16. Though Howard Cosell knocked him for squandering great talent, I don't agree with that. Imagine if Philadelphians like Rasheed Wallace, DuJuan Wagner, or Kobe Bryant decided to go to Temple. Chaney is making headlines of late over an unfortunate incident where he sent a substitute in to commit hard fouls, which ended up breaking the arm of a St. Joes' player. OKAY, Chaney is volatile; he threatened to kill John Calipari. But he is not 1-half as bad as bully Bobby Knight, Angry-man Bobby Huggins, liar Larry Eustachy or murder cover-up accessory Dave Bliss. Chaney imposed harder sanctions on himself than the school or the league. But the screech owls of ESPN smell blood. Of course if the player had not been injured, this would be nothing. But here goes Worldwide Leader with the round-the-clock innuendos, rumors and talking heads screaming for his head and his getting fired. They won't let it die until someone cracks and dumps this Hall-of-Fame coach. ESPN only does it because they like to feel they control the morals of sports (while airing scum like Playmakers, X-Games, and Tilt). They have nothing to talk about these days with hockey gone and people tired of their shrill cries over the steroid controversy they helped engender. Chaney did a stupid thing, but at least he is not like Barry Bonds, and is beside himself in guilt. Leave the guy alone.