Ok, I've given it alot of thought lately, namely because the media won't let it go, but Tiki Barber has easily went from under-rated to over-rated in the matter of a few weeks. When I started getting really suspicious was when one site I read claimed Tiki Barber should have been the league MVP. They didn't decide to give any valid reasons as to why, so I decided to check out the stats for myself. Comparing him to Shaun Alexander, you'll notice one very important thing. Tiki not only has less yardage on the season, but also has 17 less touchdowns! Yes, Brandon Jacobs was the short yardage back for the Giants and had 7 TDs that otherwise probably would have went to Tiki, but if we're going to do that we have to be completely fair and pretend like all of the yards and TDs Priest Holmes got should go to Larry Johnson. If we were to use that standard, LJ would have just broke the NFL record for rushing yards in a season. To be quite honest, I can't see any case for saying that Tiki Barber was better than either Shaun Alexander or Larry Johnson. In fact, having watched him play 3 times in the last 6 weeks, I've noticed that he looks barely above average. Let's take for example the game everyone likes to bring up, Tiki vs. the Chiefs in which Barber had his career best 220 rushing yards. Outside of 4 big runs (55, 41, 20 and 18) he had 86 yards for just an average of 3.4 yards a carry. That's hardly what I'd consider "running all over" someone. In fact, most of the game the Chiefs had him pretty damn well contained. By comparison, Larry Johnson got 167 yards that same game by breaking several 10+ yard gains. Although the Chiefs didn't always have an answer for Barber, the Giants NEVER had an answer for Johnson. Then, since we looked at that one, how about we look at his other 200+ yard performance against the Raiders. Ignoring his 95 yard scamper, he had just 108 yards. Whenever a back gets a big breakaway run or two it often can make average performances look like blowouts. Is Tiki Barber above average? Sure... but he's not the stellar star he's suddenly been painted out to be. The only real reason I can think of that he's been so suddenly declared the star of the world is because he plays in the largest television market in the U.S... New York. 