I'm a die hard raider fan since 1984 - 85 and I will simply say the raiders are trash. Don't get me wrong, I cheer them on every game they play, even now with a 4-9 record. I'm loyal to my teams and not on the bandwagon like others are with teams that win. The problem with the raiders first and foremost is that their organization is like a correctional facility. Take all the bad guys society don't want and try to turn them into productive people. It's a monumental job that needs a legendary coach at the helm along with a no nonsense supporting coaching staff....which the raiders don't have, never had and never will have as long as Al Davis has a hand on the team. They Got some hall of famers and long time contributers working for the team, but they were rebels in their day also. so you can't take a rebel and try to teach a younger group how not to be a rebel when the teacher never tasted what discipline is like themselves. I can't blame the players for most of if because it's like children, they only do what their parents allow them to do, with a few exceptions, nothing you can't weed out really though. The eagles are a prime example of how the raiders need to treat some of their players. You may be a great talent, but your not above the well beings of this team. However, the raiders don't do that, if they did, charles woodson would not be playing for the raiders the past 3 years and would have been traded to someone else. The players themselves have been very good, some of the best. In fact, the raiders draft D-linemen, D-backs, O-Linemen and wide recievers very well. They have a good track record for drafting and producing some of the better 0-Linemen and D-linemen in the league. That's going way back to the 60's too. However, it's one thing to draft and produce good players, but it's another thing to build chemestry and utilize their strengths. The raiders don't do that. They take a good player and force them to play out of their comfort zone whether it's out of position or not in the appropriate style of offense. The clearly shows year in and year out on defense. THE most recent showing is when they changed the defense to a 3-4 alignement after being in a 4-3 for the better part of 30 years and then moved warren sapp to nose tackle expecting him to take on 3 lineman most of the game (because the defensive ends weren't good enough to command double teams). On top of that, they take clearly productive players from an already struggling defense in order to boost the offense which did not have any problems that some good ole coaching couldn't fix. namely, trading the teams best tackler (middle linebacker neapoleon harris and good cover corner phillip buchanon) to get randy moss who can't even get down feild without pullin a hamstring. Not to mention all he can do is catch one or two deep passes and has yet to be the difference in any game. The raiders do not replace any of their good players either. They let them go and try to fillt he spot with unproven rookiee's or young 1 and 2 year rejects from other teams. Defensive coaching is completely and utterly trash. The schemes and way they don't utilize their best players strengths, makes them weak. The offensive line don't help the defense either by being out of shape and undisciplined. The O-line lately has been in need of some seriously disciplined players to replace barry sims at LT (he can't stop any DE's from getting to the QB for the past 4 years, got showed up in the superbowl and gets owned by jason taylor every year they play the dolphins). Instead of getting randy moss, Oakland should have went out and threw some money at a johnathan ogden type of Left tackle since they need that kind of protection to throw the deep passes they want to throw. Norv Turner had some great pass blocking O-Lines in dallas and WAshington....Oakland seems to think reformed players and bad coaching will be their answer to winning though and that makes this team trash in every since of the word. The mystique may be there, but the fear in the opponents isn't. 