Everyone on here who is undermining Stoops' character and obvious abilities at handling his profession are either from schools we have defeated or are simply pissed off at their coaching arrangements wherever their pissant school lies. Look people...when he took over there WAS NOT a ton of four and five star talent here. Derrick Strait and Quentin Griffin, as well as the REAL ROY WILLIAMS, were all three stars and below. Two of which were out of Texas and ignored by UT. Bob took 'em, and won it all. Heupel was a no name JUCO QB who was prospected by Bob and his staff. He goes and almost wins the Heisman. That year was all Bobs and we were UNDISPUTED champs. Bob has taken his teams since and won the Big XII three times. Whatever you have to say about the strength of the conference (no doubt SEC fans), it is a major conference with a ton of good teams perenially that should garner respect for its high level of all around play. Bob is a great person, doing a TON for his community and a good example of this is his involvement of a dying boy with the program. This kid loved OU more than anything, and when Bob found out he made not only room for him in his life, but made a HUGE spot. When he died just recently, not only did Bob attend the funeral, but numerous player were pallbearers at his funeral because they had become close with the boy when he visitied them at the facilities. This all stems from Bob's generous and kind heart, which is projected onto his players and taken up by their actions. When it comes to game time, the same goes for his toughness, preparedness, and confidence. Ask any Texas football player (which I have gotten to do to a few I know) why OU has won five straight. As Chris Simms said, Our coach is afraid of your coach. Need any more info? I can count the number of programs on one hand that would not drop whoever they had as a coach in a heartbeat to take Stoops, and even those programs would consider it. Is that not an indication of his stature in collegiate football? All of the people who are doggin him for losing the big game, where were your teams? You have to be there to win it, and he handled himself fine. No one likes to lose. Ask hillbilly Bill Callahan, who can barely keep from dropping numerous F bombs just because of some flying fruit. How did this guy ever coach the Raiders, with all of their nutt ball fans? As far as I know, Bob has never cursed in front of the media concerning someone elses fan base. And if anyone has the right to, it is Bob concerning those RIDICULOUS LSU drunk swamp rats that accosted me and my family at the Sugar Bowl. He is the man. Give it up people. You look foolish denying it!