Okay last year I predicted my beloved Green Goblins would go 11-5 while challenging the Bellichecks for the conference title.- And there the Goblins were standing at 10-5 heading into the Edwards Dome for the final scintillating regular season battle that could catapult Herms Herminators into the dance. The Green Bleeding Bro and me couldnt stand the excitement so we hopped on a plane and headed to St Lou to take in the battle from the most cherry seats this side of Jesus. As the prolonged battle ensued the Jets take it down to the wire and into over time when Chad our Savior drives us into Ram territory with Brien waiting in the wings to send us to the dance. the kick is up. and off to the left! Rams proceed to give it to the Jets pronto no lube sending the Roxas Bros packing for Jersey to a serenade of You Guys Suck sung by the three-toothed yahoos who populate state of Missouri. Prophet Roxas is a game short. --- But what is this?? Boop Boop Boop Boop Pittsburgh beat the storming Bills to back back back the Jets into the playoffs? Well how about that! Two weeks later the Jets are playing the Black and Gold and looking to battle the Patriots the next week in the AFC Championship Game All Brien needs to do is put this 36 yard chip shot through the freeking posts for crying out freeking loud its up!!!! Aahhhhhhhhh ! its OFF THE GOAL POST! But whats this? And interception and another chance for Brien you say? Its up!!!! AHHHHHH! Its wide left! Oh for crying out loud someone kill him! Which brings me to my point about this years Jets- NO BRIEN! AND With the Jets FIRST PICK IN the 2005 draft they take KICKER? Nuggent from OSU? Oh well you enjoy the unemployment line Brien you waste of space. Nevertheless, this year is a new year and the Jets are poised to do some damage in the AFC this year. Paul Driving Miss Daisy Hacket is out, and Hermdinger from the Titans is in. Pennington is back after off season shoulder surgery and is looking good in practice. The Jets upgraded at the wideout position with the offseason trade for Coles and filled in for the loss of Moss with the draft pick of Miller wholl be returing punts. McCareins and Pennington were really starting to come together and the addition of Jolly will also help Hermdinger open up this offense. In the backfield the Jets have the NFLs Leading Rusher and Future Hall Of Famer Curtis Martin returning and theyve picked up Blaylock from the Chiefs to make up for the loss of Jordan. On the line the Jets need to fill the tackle position vacated by McKenzies signing with the Giants, but Adrian Jones is supposedly the guy whos gonna do the job. On the defensive side the 7 th ranked defense is very strong up the middle with Robertson and Reed at the tackles and Vilma at MLB. DE Abraham is holding out but chances are hes gonna have to report and play cause he has no options. To be honest I hope the fruitcake drops dead. Ellis has really stepped it up over the last two years and Hobson and Barton are a nice combo at OLBs. Look for the Jets to pick up Ty Law for about 4 million per to sure up the D-Backfield of Barret, McGraw and Coleman. The special teams need to be better than last but all and all this is a very tough group. The Jets are a good bet to finally best the Patriots whove been very weakened by losses on the coaching staff and in some key positons. I say this is the Jets year 12-4 winners of the East, the AFC and the Superbowl! This is the Jets year- you heard it here first! 