Individual greatness in team sports should not be dependant on whether or not a player won a championship. I could list a number of great players beside Malone that never won championships (Elgin Baylor, Dan Marino, Ted Williams...) but I shouldn't have to. A lot of factors explain why certain players didn't win a championship: Teammates, injuries, caliber of opponents, etc. In Malone's case, he arguably had the teammates (John Stockton and Jeff Hornacek) and Malone never suffered a serious injury as a member of the Jazz (his key teammate, John Stockton, never suffered a serious injury, either). But what Malone and the Jazz did have was Michael Jordan and the Bulls. The level of competition was as high as it gets. The Bulls were a juggernaut that, unfortunately, the Jazz had to face twice in the NBA Finals. And while many people feel that Malone and the Lakers should have won the NBA Title in 2004, it certainly wasn't Malone's fault they didn't. Malone tried playing through a serious injury but, in the end, the injury limited Malone's ability to help his teammates substantially and Detroit pulled off the rare major NBA Finals upset (something that only has happened twice in the last forty-five years). In nearly two decades of playing professional basketball, Malone did everything he could do to win a title. No one worked harder. Few, if any, power forwards in NBA history have been better (only Elvin Hayes, Kevin McHale and Tim Duncan can be ranked near Malone among power forwards). Yet some will still cite Malone's poor fourth-quarter play in the playoffs as a big reason why Malone didn't win a title. However, not every great player is a Michael Jordan or a Magic Johnson when it comes to clutch play. And, as I pointed out earlier, there are many reasons why great players don't win championships. The absence of an NBA Title on Malone's resume should have nothing to do with how great he should be considered. The stupid lacks the heart of a champion comments are just meaningless rhetoric. Seriously, how the heck would anyone know Malone's heart? And what does heart of a champion babble even mean? If you cannot measure it, don't. And whether or not Malone was a dirty player is a moot point. He was a tough player, not a dirty one (there are no dead bodies of former NBA players lying around to back up the silly claim that he was dirty). We are talking about Malone's greatness here, not about whether you like the guy or not. Your personal bias and hatred of the man is out of place in this discussion. I'm sorry your teams kept losing to him. Blame your team, not Malone. Grown-ups actually discuss the man's individual accomplishments (two-time MVP, second all-time leading scorer in NBA history) while children will harp on Malone's alleged dirty play and lack of championships. Malone is easily one of the fourteen or fifteen greatest players in NBA history. To deny that is to deny reality. 