 UPDATE(6/6/05): I'm not sure what I was smoking when I gave some rather favorable comments about the D-Rays last season. The same old $hit has taken place yet again this year. And really, 90% of the problems can be traced to their cheap fat-ass owner Vince Naimoli and the dreadful GM, Chuck LaMarr. Naimoli was to spend $35 mil this season but instead shafted the coach Lou Pinella and the fans by spending approx. $25 million. Since Roberto Alomar and Bautista retired from baseball during spring training (I guess they smartened up and realized its better to quit the game than retire a D-Ray)that freed up close to $7 million on the payroll. Why the heck didn't mgmt. search for a quality starter? And if you happen to watch a game broadcast in the Tampa area you will notice how much favoritism the announcers express towards the home team. Just once I'd like to hear a critical analysis of this pathetic AA franchise disguised as a professional team. They're 16 games below .500 and listening to the GM, the announcers, and the newspaper, one would be misled into thinking this was a playoff bound team. Their starting pitching is weak, their bullpen really sucks(as evidenced by the slew of recent one run losses), outfield is weak w/o injured Rocco Baldelli, and infield is fair at best. The team has absolutely no power(Huff hasn't been performing. Probably the only strength the team has is base-stealing but as the saying goes You can't steal first base. 5/30/04:I don't think there is any doubt that the D-Rays are one of the five worst teams. 2 stars would be more appropriate based on the way the team played in the 2003 season but I believe they will improve and win 10-15 more games than they did last year. There is no question that what kills this team is that they have the smallest payroll in baseball. In fact, their payroll is one-tenth that of the NY Yankees. Give me a break. Major League Baseball has turned into a farce with the Yankees buying any player they desire at a moment's notice. In any event, I enjoy watching Tampa. They have a lineup that hustles down the basepaths almost all the time (unlike Boston). The D-Rays will certainly be entertaining this year with Lou Pinella in his second year as head coach and Don Zimmer joining him. They're ought to be many emotional outbursts. Tampa is sound defensively in their outfield with Jose Cruz, Jr, Rocco Baldelli, and Carl Crawford. Baldelli and Crawford can cover a lot of ground and steal many bases. All three hit pretty well for average but other than Aubrey Huff, Tampa has no home run threat. Hall has a great arm behind the plate but their infield is dismal. Blum and Damian Rolls will alternate at third, Lugo plays second and turns routine ground balls into errors, Rey Sanchez will be at shortstop and Tino Martinez(better years behind him). Compare that infield to the Yankees and you can see the discrepancy in the two teams. The starting pitching is slightly better but still weak and the bullpen is horrible as usual. UPDATE: I really like this team and their manager, Pinella but they're stinkin' up the joint more than I would have expected. Robert Fick looks like he doesn't care and his numbers certainly show. He's had well over 100 at bats and is flirting with the .140 mark. Some more aggressiveness at the plate and he might make it to .200 by the close of the season. And another thing...why ressurect Fred McGriff? To fill the stands? Because he's a Tampa native? He has looked absolutely dreadful since coming back to the D-Rays and there's no reason he should have been allowed to return. Let the younger guys play. 