WHY is Bruce Weber rated so high? Um, because he's a GREAT coach, and even the other coaches say so? I thought all this nonsense was over ('cept from the Dukies and Tar Heels, who just refuse to take us seriously. Altho maybe some Tar Heels are thinking things over now tee hee!) Three of Self's boys are gone, - we're still winning! Yeah, Dee and James are key to bringing the youngsters along - not skill-wise, just Illini-intensity level play. But you think Dee would play like that for Self or just any coach? He plays for Weber and the IL staff he loves and that loves him back - he's given his heart and soul to the team. That's why we keep winning - our players care about each other and getting it done for the team, the coaches and the fans - individual stats aren't topmost on their mind, they naturally come when everyone works together. Weber's responsible for a lot of that feeling. Many coaches can't/don't create that bond. No one's a prima donna - not players or coaches. They work harder in practice than games and are never satisfied, they always know there's room for improvement. The coach and players are the first to point out mistakes and weaknesses, and to compliment the other team's players and coach.They want to win, and they do it through practice, sweat, more practice and sheer determination. They refuse to lose. Weber instills in them if there is something they want, they have to persevere, giving up is not an option. Bruce obviously can coach. Last year's team was a dream team; they did it all. This year they are primarily a power defense, w/lots of scoring from rebounds and freethrows. 3 starters are: a transfer, a sophmore who sat out injured last year, and a player who had a few minutes pg. And in a dozen games he's molded them into an exceptionally good team, they wobbled some in early games but have looked very strong in the last 3-4, esp. the blow-out over MO 82-50! Yeah but can he recruit? Eric Gordon, the 5th best junior in the country, has chosen IL. Bill Cole, the top Jr in IL (and another great Peoria basketball talentlike Jamar Smith, who none of the scouts noticed), has chosen IL. Several other recruits have IL on their short list. With the excitement Illini basketball is generating, 2 players drafted by the NBA last year and Dee sure to join them this spring, interest is going to stay high. So IMO the question has been answered with a big "YES!" Oh, and he's a nice guy too - and has a wife and 3 daughters - NOT gay, just blows his voice out yelling plays all game, every game, but keeps on yelling - gonna rupture his vocal cords one day! 