This concerns my move from North Carolina to New Hampshire. The short story is that Atlas Van Lines sent only one (overweight, out-of-shape, bow-legged, old) mover for the move-in at New Hampshire. Because of the mover's condition I helped him move my own stuff in. If I hadn't, the job would likely have taken him at least two days total. I paid over 2200 dollars for Atlas' service, and I had to move my own stuff. If you like to pay lots of money to some company so that you can haul your own things yourself, then hire Atlas. I will never use them again. The long story: I should start by stating that the North Carolina side of the move was very professional. When my wife and I were moving out, Atlas sent three very professional movers. Two of them were huge body builders and the third guy was smaller, but he was fit enough to carry my queen sized mattress down two flights of stairs by himself. They were very efficient and hard workers. I was looking forward to the experience. When the driver (different person from those who loaded in N. Carolina) arrived in New Hampshire, he came by himself and told me he was not able to get help (it was July 3rd and no one was willing to come out). He told me that in situations like this it would be nice if I helped out. What the heck is this about? I have to move my own things? Since it was a holiday weekend I couldn't reach anyone at Atlas. Also, since it was a holiday weekend I wanted to get my things in the apartment ASAP. If I let the driver/mover do it by himself, it would have taken him at least two full days. So I worked. He was nice, but he was bow-legged and out-of-shape. I live on the second and third floor and I don't know how many times I saw him panting and wheezing after carrying a box up those flights. I did more work than he did since I didn't have to stop to take breaks. Even if I didn't help him, there were large items that he could never have delivered by himself. Ultimately, it took us seven hours to complete the job. When the truck first arrived I noticed that many boxes were crushed and bookcases were heavily damaged. I learned from the driver that my stuff was moved many times from truck to warehouse. I was led to believe this was common practice, so if you have a lighter load like mine (6700 pounds) then expect things to get busted up. I accept that it was my choice to help the guy. But my other choice was to sit by and watch this guy take two days to complete the job. I didn't want to sit there on July 4th, or maybe even into July 5th, watching this guy kill himself on those stairs. I feel that Atlas was negligent in putting me in this situation. They later stated that it was common practice to send one person out for a 6700 lbs. job. If so, why send out three guys the first time? Why not just two (one to label and the other to load?). At least send someone who is physically fit. Additionally, several items were broken (toaster over, lamp, desk drawers, broken picture frames, many crushed boxes). Get the full, no deductible insurance. That was the only kind of refund I got from Atlas. They also offered to pay me 300 bucks like I as worker for them. That's insulting, I think. In my opinion, Atlas left me stranded and they could do this to you too. I paid over 2200 bucks and I had to move my own things. I could have gotten a van, paid a friend, moved myself, and still had money left over. Atlas is the worst moving company. 