Fox Rent-A-Car seemed to be a good deal when I searched thru Orbitz. It had the best price for a company 'in terminal' and their website had generous coupons (10% off, upgrade, etc.). It also stated that the shuttle runs every 8 minutes right in front of the luggage pick-up area. I had no trouble with the shuttle as I waited less than 5 min for both the pick-up & drop-off. The logo says Fox/Payless, so I assume that they are owned by the same company. I was surprised when the shuttle took me outside of the airport - and this is confirmed by looking up their address. Although not too far off, their LAX location is definitely OFF-terminal. Their parking lot is very small with only about a couple of dozen cars, and it is very run-down. My experience with staff wasn't too terrible. When I requested, she gave free 1 class upgrade, AND honored the online coupon for 10% off. She even gave 'additional driver' option for free (I'm not sure if this is their standard practice or not, but other rental companies do charge about $5/day in my experience) for my friend. Also, when we complained about the liability charge ($10+/day for a $18/day rental) as we returned the car, the manager took the charge off too (this could've been the mistake of the clerk, since if you have the liability insurance for your car, you are not required to take the coverage - but you should carry your insurance card according to the manager). Anyway, my biggest complaint, and the reason why I will never return to Fox, is the cars that they use. I didn't care for their upgrade (Ford Focus to Nissan Sentra - which shouldn't be classified as 'intermediate' to begin with). And our car had a lot of scratches, and wasn't even washed. The inside was worse as we saw brown coffee spots in the front seat area, and pet hair on the seats. As we started the car, it was sputtering a bit, but we assumed for the best and didn't request for another car - what a mistake! When we turned on the A/C about 5 min away from the lot, we realized it wasn't cold at all. It got better as we got on the free way at crusing speed, but we opted for windows all through out the trip to LA! What really got us angry was the fact that the battery died overnight when positively NOTHING was left on. A staff from the hotel came to our rescue and jump-started it for us. The car had 35K+ miles on it, which I've never seen from another reantal car agency. And it obviously affected the performance as we had to pedal it each time we got on the freeway. Also, this is the first company that told me that the gas is on 5/8th, and I had to fill up to that point when I come back. Fox Rent-A-Car is cheap company with cheap, dirty and problematic cars. I almost feel sorry for the people who work there. Pay a few bucks more and go with a national chain. 