I would actually like to give them a big fat ZERO or actually more like a negative infinity. In 2001 my grandmother had a cruise planned. They were supposed to go in the spring of 2002 and in October 2001 she found out she had breast cancer. She got all her money back for her cruise but the things she had to go through with United are unbelievable. Everytime she contacted them to see what she should do they gave her a different story. Basically they first told her, All you need to do is get something from a doctor saying that you will not be able to travel and then we can reimburse you. So she gets the note saying she will absolutely not be able to travel. At the same time all this was happening, my grandma's friend found out she also had cancer and was going through all the same things because she was supposed to go on the cruise also. My grandma had paid for the tickets and her friend paid her back. Well of course the airlines said that they could not reimburse her friend because my grandma had paid for the ticket but then they said they couldn't reimburse my grandma either because the ticket was in her friend's name! WTF??? Anyways, I'm getting off track here. They both sent their notes in from their doctor's and all of a sudden the story changed and it didn't matter what was wrong with them or if they had proof that they were sick and couldn't travel, United would not refund their money. So they tell my grandma she can change her ticket to go somewhere else and she wanted to go visit my aunt in California but then they tell her they will have to charge her $100 to switch the ticket and she only had a certain amount of time to use the ticket. HELLO!!! She has cancer and has no idea when she will be able to travel or if she will even make it through this to travel again. Well, luckily she did make it and has been free of cancer since 2001. She has also made other plans for cruises and trips to California in the past few years and for the near future and you can be sure no one in our family will EVER fly United!!!