My wife and I were booked out of La Guardia to fly home for the holidays. We had some difficulty with traffic, and were concerned about reaching La Guardia in time for our flight. I placed several calls during the drive to NW Airlines to confirm that the flight would be leaving on time; once while in Manhattan, twice during traffic snarls on the Brooklyn-Queen Expressway, and once when we were about a quarter mile from the airport. I was assured each call that the flight was on time. We reached the airport and checked our baggage with about 20 minutes until flight time, so dashed through the airport to the gate, where we discovered the flight had been delayed about 30 minutes. We were relatively unconcerned with the delay at this point, and appreciated the chance to catch our breath, however we were not seated together. I had booked the flight well in advance so was dismayed that we hadn't been given adjoining seats. Still, at this point, I had no significant complaint. The flight boarded at or very near the posted time, and we backed out of the gate. We spent the next 1 = to 2 hours waiting. The pilot informed us the plane needed to be de-iced, and the de-icing crew was out of fluid. I stress that the delays were not weather-related, and were never suggested as such by any NW personnel. As our window was only 38 minutes, we missed the connecting flight in Detroit. The NW gate attendant suggested we go to another gate, which had a flight scheduled for departure to Minneapolis, and see if we could get routed through to Des Moines. Upon reaching that gate, were told there were no seats available on flights to DSM, from either MSP or DTW, until the following evening. We opted to continue to MSP rather than spend the night in Detroit, so rebooked on that flight, which was delayed and scheduled for a 9:40pm departure. We were then told the flight had been transferred to another craft due to mechanical problems, and we were sent to another gate. We were further delayed when NW had to cancel another flight because, I was told, a plane had left the gate without one of the drink carts, and by the time the plane returned to the gate the flight crew was over hours. We were held while people from that flight were booked onto ours. We finally reached MSP around 2:15am, where we were put up at the Sleep Inn, finally checking in at about 3:00am, and given meal vouchers for the airport vendors. I will compliment the NW staff who were there to meet us that miserable morning. They were cheery, considerate and, as much as was within their power, very helpful. With less than 5 hours sleep, we returned to MSP by 9:00am, and were rebooked for the 8:50pm flight, which was the soonest we could be confirmed. We listed standby for every preceding flight, beginning at 11:15am. We were told by the gate agents, with only one exception, that the flights had been overbooked (during the holidays!?) by at least a dozen seats. The gate attendant at the 1:05pm flight (gate C16, if memory serves), told us that if we opted to take ground transportation to DSM, that NW would reimburse us for the car rental. It was also announced that the 1:05 flight would have empty seats because the plane had taken on too much fuel, and would be overweight if full. I asked the NW agent at the gate if there were some kind of reimbursement claim form for the car, and he directed me to the ticketing agents because, he explained, the paperwork is not kept at the gate. When we approached the ticket agent, we were told unequivocally, after she had made a brief phone call to consult, that NW would NOT, in fact, reimburse us for a car rental. At every gate but one (there were 5 flights preceding ours) they requested volunteers to be bumped, and offered round-trip airfare or a $500 voucher, which only added to our frustration. We who were bumped from flight 3467, in essence, by the delayed flight 251 out of La Guardia, received a night at the Sleep Inn and about $25 worth of airport food. We finally departed on the 8:50 flight, reaching Des Moines a little past 10:00, just 26 hours later than our original arrival time. Fortunately our luggage was waiting there for us, the one thing they did correctly. When I complained to the airline, they dismissed the entire mishap and told me the delay was weather related. Blizzards and hurricanes are weather problems. Running out of de-icer is poor planning. I will never use, recommend or endorse Northwest airlines in the future. 