Absolute Scum. Read the reviews here. Roughly 80% of respondents give them the lowest possible rating. We bought a house in May 1998 and were moving out of our apartment. The distance was less than 5 miles, within the city of Toronto. I had never hired a mover before, having moved myself and friends dozens of times before. I even worked as a mover as a student. Heck, I even had half a dozen moving blankets around, just in case. However the cost of hiring someone to move our piano and then renting a truck to move all our own stuff added up to nearly the quote we got for full service. Two Small Men with Smaller Penises quoted us a low hourly rate and estimated the move at 5 hours, including transit time. We had everything packed, boxed and labeled. We also had the luxury of weeks of overlap time between getting possession of our house and the lease end of our apartment. This meant we could move in the middle of the month when things were slower. We booked a truck and three men for the move for noon on June 22. By 2:00PM with no sign of them, we called, and were told they were on their way. Hours later, after many more assurances, we were finally told that the truck had been delayed but they would be there no later than 8:00. At 8:20PM they were no longer answering the phone. Around 1:00 AM, with no sign of movers, we flipped a bare mattress onto the empty floor and went to bed in our clothes. Just before 4:00 AM the doorbell rang. It was definitely Two Small Men. Or perhaps more accurately: Two Tiny Exhausted Drunk Men with Woozy Balance. I dont blame these guys. One of them straight up told me they had been working for almost 72 hours solid. They were about to fall over. Their eyes were bleary yet dilated and alcohol was seeping from their pores. God knows what cocktail was fueling them, but it didnt seem conducive to safe passage of my stuff. Even under the best of circumstances these two guys would have had trouble with what was supposed to be a three person job. One of them was considerably smaller than my girlfriend. Imagining the two of them trying to drunkenly maneuver the piano down the stairs resulted in visions of carnage. The smaller of the Two Small Men said that they would move us if we wanted, but clearly indicated that they were in no condition to perform, and would rather go home to sleep. I knew they would wreck my stuff, and I didnt really want to be responsible for endangering others by keeping these exhausted speed and alcohol fueled unfortunates on the road longer. Thanks, but no thanks. Besides, we had more than a week to reschedule. The next day we called Two Small Men with No Honor and indicated that Two Small Drunks showing up at 4:00AM did not seem like a reasonable fulfillment of an agreement for three men at 12:00PM. They were not at all apologetic, and we unwisely re-booked for two days later rather than just run to a real mover. On June 25, they again failed to show up. Each of the many phone calls we made elicited a promise they were on their way. Never arrived. The next day they promised that they would be there on June 29 to move us for sure this time. On June 29, they again did not show up to pick up our stuff. We called again and again.. Each time we were told they were on their way. Until they stopped answering. I didnt sleep that night as the rage kept me awake. At 8:00 AM on June 30th they started picking up the phone again. They were actually apologetic this time and said that they could not get to us before noon, but assured us that they would be there as soon as a truck was finished a morning move. By about 2:00 they indicated that the morning move had gone longer than expected but that they were on the way and would be there no later than 3:00. As the hours drifted by, they kept insisting they would be there shortly. Finally at about 8:15PM, they admitted that they were not coming. No apologies. No explanation of the lies. No proposed action or remediation. I grabbed the phone and demanded to speak to someone in charge and to know what their proposal was to provide service. When they had none, I explained as calmly as possible that they would subcontract or find us another mover within the hour or I would make it my lifes work to seek legal redress. About 20 minutes later they called back and indicated that another mover would be showing up at midnight. When these movers actually did show up we were so relieved that someone was there, that we didnt argue with the significantly higher hourly rate. Nor that the exhausted Iranians had also been working 48 hours straight and were moving in slow motion. So by about 9:00 on July 1, we were moved into our new home, more than a week after Two Small Men with No Balls were scheduled to have completed the job. Yes we paid more than twice the original quote, but at least it went to these God fearing Iranians and not into the pockets of the scum at Two Small Men with Microscopic Penises. 