I received a quote was told that it would take 4-7 days to move my property. Though I found this acceptable I did request a more exact date of delivery be given so that I could make appropriate arrangements. I scheduled my property to be packed, on the sixth of February at 9 am. On the sixth the packers did not arrive till 10:30 am ( an hour and a half late). After awhile I was informed that they had run out of boxes, and that there was no one available to bring more, as I had some old boxes, I allowed the packers to use those. The packers also saw fit to use some of my luggage to pack things in and even garbage bags. When one of the packers informed me that they were done I looked into one of my cupboards to find a single sugar bowl sitting in it. When I informed them that they had missed the sugar bowl. They told me that I should take it myself as it would not be packed properly. I then looked into the drawer under my stove and found that they had failed to pack any of my pots and pans. I informed them of this and they grudgingly packed them. And got me to sign the invoice. After they left I found that they had left a cookie sheet in the middle of kitchen floor and several other small items here and there. After this I called your office to determine when my belongings would arrive in Edmonton, I was told that this had not been worked out yet, and that if I called back in an hour they would know. When I did this I was told that my property would arrive on Monday the 10th. Being somewhat surprised I asked again if that was the date of delivery and I was told that it was. So in order to get to Edmonton and take possession of my apartment before my property was to arrive I left Winnipeg the next morning. I arrived in Edmonton Sunday and took possession of my apartment Monday morning. At which point I called your company to confirm that the truck would arrive that day. I was told that it would . However, they didnt know when exactly. After that I called back repeatedly, each time getting told that the truck would be here but they couldnt get in contact with the driver. Around five pm I called the 1888 number given in the Edmonton phone book, thinking that maybe they new where the truck was. They informed me that I was not on there schedule, and therefore there was no way my stuff could be arriving that day. However, I was told that day would look into it. After another hour I was informed that my stuff was in storage in Winnipeg. (This of course explains why the driver couldnt be found, it is hard to find an no existent driver) This really leaves to options for what had happened with my previous calls to your office, either the person I spoke didnt really know were anything was and didnt care to find out, or simply lied to me. Then I was told that my stuff would arrive on Thursday. I called to confirm on Wednesday and was told that due to a storm it would not arrive till Friday. I called Thursday to confirm that the truck would arrive on Friday ( since I would have to take a day off work to receive it). I was told that it would and given a drivers number to call. I called that number repeatedly and got only an answering machine. Friday afternoon a driver called me to inform me that he was at the border of Manitoba and would not arrive till Saturday. Of course at this point I had already taken the day off work, and I also realized that if the driver was only at the Manitoba border then he couldnt have left before Friday morning so once again on Thursday I had been faulty information. Also the drivers number I was given was not the correct driver. On Saturday the truck did arrive at about 3 pm. I found that a hamper had been broken, as well as my coffee table, and a lamp was lost. I find it difficult to express, how poorly your company preformed, generally your company has been difficult to deal with, highly unreliable and unprofessional. As for the estimating the cost of the items lost and damaged: The lamp lost had an approximate value of : $90 Repairing the table that was damaged I had been told (by furniture medic) will cost: $400 dollars And the hamper that was broken costs about:$ 10 Total = $ 500.00 At this point I have been trying to get this to be dealt with for over two months. I have called the Winnipeg Office repeatedly. I have left numerous messages and my calls have not been returned. Most recently I was told that they were two busy to deal with my problem and that they would have time on the fourth. It is now the fifth and I have not heard from them. Finally they offered me only $ 100 to compensate me for the $ 500 of damage they did. After a month they still haven't sent me even that. When I called them about this they claimed to have lost my address. Either they are vary dishonest or completely incompentant. Either way, I would recomend avoiding using thier services at all cost. 