UPDATE TO LAST POSTING - RESPONSE TO Pop1946 Hmmmm, let me see...my original posting hypothesized that at least some of the positive postings for Moving Staffers in here were planted by biased parties. You are a developer who is being paid by Moving Staffers - that kind of supports my hypothesis, doesn't it? If I understand this forum correctly it is reserved for prospective & past customers, and various other credible parties who can render an objective opinion - you clearly do not fall into this category, and thus your rating is even more meaningless than a planted posting (if any do in fact exist) and only pointlessly skews this valuable resource in a blatantly self-serving manner. Since you purport to be an expert on the matter, can you supply us with hard data on the claims and customer satisfaction ratios for Moving Staffers? Mr. Mendoza (see posting below) claims a 98% customer satisfaction rating - what data is that claim based on? Or is it just a generic ballpark figure thrown out by an emotionally-charged, biased party who just got yelled at by an irate customer? In general, your posting attacks me and not the issue. I am just an individual who was evaluating moving options, and I do not see anything magical about doing some basic screening and making phone calls to moving companies - if one is ready to spend thousands on a move, that seems a small task. You say that Moving Staffers services thousands of customers. In what time frame is that? A month? A year? McDonalds serves millions of hamburgers each day, each one as greasy and miserable for you as the next. Let's talk quality, then. You say that the moving companies referred by Moving Staffers are rated - I could find no evidence of that online and still can't. Can you point me to this ratings index? Regardless, there is another, perhaps more germaine, point to consider when talking ratings: if Moving Staffers has screened great moving companies out there, all 5-star, it matters little if Moving Staffers sits in the middle and provides inadequate service, wouldn't you agree? You could have Hercules and Zeus doing your move, but if there is a problem, and the middleman is inefficient, it thus creates a bad situation (which was my original point - why not go find your own great mover and remove the middle layer?). What exactly is the screening process? My understanding is that Moving Staffers simply refers jobs to independent moving companies. Am I missing something? You talk about speed. How long does it take to call a screened agent? It may take a few minutes to screen a mover (1 time), and perhaps you can monitor your history with each mover over time, but, really: what does speed have to do with this? If you are referring to the speed of the move itself, that matters little if the job is done poorly. That said, let's leave speed to the little mouse in the cartoon, then, and focus on how customers, prospects and sub-contractors feel about the subject. On that latter point, what would happen if one were to pick up the phone and start randomly calling moving companies around the country and ask them if they knew about Moving Staffers? Have you done this? In this very forum alone there is a posting from pissedatstaffers (see below) - one of their own moving company sub-contractors so pissed at them he blasts them in his post for non-payment, and recants only after he has apparently been given hush money. If a company treats its own partners that way - partners they need to rely on daily to run their business - how should one believe they will treat a distressed customer they will likely never hear from again? I am keenly aware that our world is not a perfect one, but the purpose of a forum such as this, in part at least, is to measure how a company handles the inevitable mishaps. The evidence I have in this regard is hardly favorable. Perhaps these are isolated data points - that may very well be the case. Moving Staffers may be the greatest thing since sliced bread, but my data suggested otherwise, and thus I voiced my opinion (which is this purpose of this forum), and if a legitimate customer or contractor or other credible party wishes to counterpoint my comments, the door is open for them to do so. In closing I ask again: have you randomly called any moving companies (or customers) out there yourself, or are you relying on these fabled ratings you speak of to make your claims, which by virtue of your own posting, we have already established can be easily doctored by self-interested parties? The data I have led me conclusively, like others, to take a non-favorable stance on Moving Staffers. Your posting has done nothing but add credence to my initial point, as well as to raise valid additional points, and thus my 1-star rating stands. 