Here is a copy of an email that I sent to Bekins after countless phone calls with little to no response. I have still not receive a response or all of my possesions. Never move with this company.We believed we were making the right decisions when we had a Bekins agent come to our home in May and give us a quote for moving. We believed what she told us and were very excited to be doing business with such a reputable company.The nightmare began the morning the moving truck should have arrived. We were expecting a truck at 7:30. We didn't see it until 10:30. This was a bit of an inconvience, seeing that we had gotten childcare for early in the morning. We had been assured by the agent that moving our stuff would only take about 7-8 hrs and would be no problem.As the driver arrived, he said he couldn't come to our house, he didn't want to drive down our driveway. We had concern about this when the estimator was out and she stepped off the driveway and charged us for a long haul. Said it was no problem! Well, the driver didn't think he wanted to try it, so we could pay an extra $1000 so he could do a shuttle. He knew that we were making a cross country move in the middle of the busiest moving season and wouldn't be able to find another carrier. When we contacted our Bekins agent, or attempted to, we were told too bad,drivers discretion. We were NEVER told this when the agent was out making the quote. We were also told by the agent that there would be no extra origination fees. There was the possibility of destination fees, but no more origination fees. We attempted to cover all our bases before the truck even arrived and were basically lied to! So far,late driver and an extra $1000 charge, could it get worse? The workers or crew were careless and destructive. When asked to be careful, we were told that they could just walk and we would be up a creek. We had boxes literally thrown down the stairs. Boxes that were labeled fragile were held up about chest level and dropped straight down. The driver said he wasn't responsible for anything in the boxes because they were PBO. We should have prepared our boxes for drops like this? Our agent never told us to pack things so well that they could be dropped from 4 feet with no damage.We watched as furniture was shoved into walls, scratched and parts broken off. Again, reminded by the driver,they could just walk. We paid extra to have our mirrors packed by the carrier. The driver refused to do it.Too much of an expense for him. We showed him on our receipt that we had paid for it and he told us to bad. The best he could do was stick them in a mattress and he wasn't responsible because they weren't packed properly.Our movers were very slow. They didn't actually start working until 3:30 that afternoon. They told us they would work all night if need be so we could be out at our turn over time of 8:00 the next morning. At 1:00AM the shuttle truck left to take the 2nd to last load to the Bekins semi and never returned. Unable to located the driver, the shuttle truck or the Bekins truck;we made phone calls, none which were returned until 8:30AM. Up all night waiting and looking. AT 8:30 AM were called and told the driver would be there between then and noon. The driver eventually showed up about 10:30 AM and told us he had a headache and decided he needed to go home for the night. A courtesy phone call would have been nice. He then told us that he couldn't fit all of our stuff on the truck because he had taken on another load,more nightmare. We were assured by the agent that we would have an entire truck, because we had so much stuff. The driver told us that our belongings, about 1/3 of our stuff, would arrive in Minnesota whenever a truck came this way.According to our driver, we were lucky that he even took on what he did and too bad for us if we didn't see our other stuff for months. ...customer service? We finally had our stuff loaded and out of our house at about 1:30,only 20 hrs late! We were told by the agent that our stuff would arrive in MN on Saturday. As the driver was finishing up, we said See ya Saturday. He looked at us in confusion and told us No way, I got a big weekend. I will head to MN after dinner on Sunday night and see you Monday morning between 8 & 10 am, no later. The driver and truck didn't arrive until 3:30 PM. I can't even begin to go into the damage that our furniture and boxes received. Against the drivers wishes, we began notating all the damage. Again, we were told by him that he wasn't responsible for anything that happened. How can he not be responsible? Our second part of our load has not arrived yet. We were told yesterday that it would be Wednesday,today that maybe it will arrive on the 23rd.I have been looking out on the internet on reviews for Bekins. I really wished I had looked before we got involved in this never ending nightmare. We would not have moved with a company with such a bad reputation. 