 The following is the text of a complaint letter sent to NorthAmerican Van Lines: This letter is to express our extreme dissatisfaction with your estimator, *****. Ms. ***** provided us with an estimate for our move from Huntington Beach, California to Daytona Beach, Florida. Her estimate of weight for our household was 11,200 pounds. Actual weight was 16,480, a difference of 5,280 pounds. I can understand a minor difference, but 5,280 pounds is unacceptable. Ms. ***** even commented to my husband that her estimate was a worst case and the actual weight would probably be less. Making her estimate even further inaccurate is that we did not even take everything that was included in the original estimate. We left behind our L-shaped sectional sofa bed, reclining chair, one bedroom dresser with mirror, 5 tier glass knickknack shelves, patio table with 6 chairs, large standing wood yard swing, and approximately 8 lawn and leaf size garbage bags of clothing. Has Ms. ***** been in this line of work long? Are all of her estimates this grossly inaccurate? I think Ms. ***** needs to go back to estimator school. I decided to use a major van line after reading many horror stories on the internet about scam operators low-balling estimates by thousands of pounds. I decided to use NorthAmerican due to their NRA connection, thinking I would save money. Based on my experience, I can only conclude that your agency is no better than the scam movers I read about. Had I anticipated this situation I would have chosen another estimate I had which included packing of the entire house (including packing material) and saved myself and my husband a lot of work. That estimate was guaranteed not to exceed '$9,000 the same that your final invoice turned out to be and we wouldnt have had to pack anything. I suppose that I am screwed on the weight issue, but I do expect the following adjustments to my final invoice: ? Origin weight was 16,620 pounds. A re-weighing at the destination was 16,480 pounds. Please adjust the transportation charge, origin service fee, and destination service fee for the difference. ? No unpacking services were rendered at the destination. The entire contents was unloaded into a storage facility in the packaging. Please credit charges for unpacking. ? The cost detail indicates a charge of $128.35 for packing material. We purchased our own packing material, including boxes, dish packs, tape, bubble wrap, packing paper, etc. The cost detail signed by my husband at the origin lists that you provided one large carton. I find it hard to believe a one carton costs $128.35 and I expect an adjustment. ? The cost detail indicates a lump sum valuation of $9,972. Our great NRA deal was supposed to provide $50,000 lump sum valuation. Another disturbing situation occurred at the destination. My husband paid the driver 110% of the original estimate, as is our right, and the van was unloaded. The driver called my husband back about an hour later and told him that his boss was mad and if he (the driver) didnt go back and get the balance due that it would be taken out of his pay. My husband then had to spend a lot of time that he didnt have that day contacting someone at NorthAmericans office to straighten out the situation. I consider ourselves fortunate that the boss didnt find out until after our possessions were unloaded. Unfortunately, we were not able to get this persons name. I think someone needs to read the Rights and Responsibilities booklet that is handed out. Needless to say, our move was every bit the horror story I was hoping to avoid by using what I thought was a reputable mover. At the time of the estimate, Ms. Burke asked us to write a recommendation letter to NRA after our move was over. You can be assured that they will hear from us. Sincerely, 