I'd actually like to give it 3.5 stars because though I would rate it as good, it is not as good as other games I have given a four - let me explain in more detail. Like the long wait from Return Of The Jedi for Phantom Menace I expected great things and like Phantom Menace I was a little disappointed. Following on from Jedi Outcast (J.O.) which had a much improved engine, I awaited the game that would see me wield my light saber like no other had done before. It was actually similar to J.O. in its smooth moving engine, familiar ambience and gripping music which for me is no bad thing (if it aint broke...) and the concentration of more light saber battles was a great addition, in fact towards the end there were so many mouthy Siths waiting for my yellow arse to grace their dark presence that I resorted to punching that very useful Force Speed and sliding past them and onto the next level. OK so this didn't always work and I sometimes found myself taking out four at once, me and my green and purple dual sabers and them and their two handed sabers (like Darth Maul's), force rage and cocky comebacks - this and the slow motion deaths I must say made the game as close to exciting as watching Yoda wield his own saber in that poignant moment in Attack of the Clones. However, there was something this game lacked that the others had and I must make this comparison if they continue to call it Jedi Knight - it lacked flow and too often I found that the game pumped me up ready to use my arsenal of fire power only to find the level is over and it's back to the academy for some pointless chat to Luke (I don't age) Skywalker and Kyle (crap beard) Katarn. Perhaps it was that the levels were not long enough or perhaps my perception of time was obscured by the excitement of it all, perhaps I was still getting over the shocking appearance of Boba Fett or was still wondering whether or not I should have hacked off Rosh's balls and joined the dark side (an option I am presently trying at the moment) Who knows, but this one just didn't give me that feeling - I think it's about time Princess Leia showed an appearance. UPDATE: OK, it is now two weeks later and I turned to the dark side, I must confess that my opinion has changed (and my score) - I had to kill the Siths AND the Jedis which gave me a lot more saber battles to contend with, they are pretty damn good and I got that feeling of overwhelming power when I whipped Kyles arse and ran off into the sunset, laughing fiendishly - wa ha ha haaaaa!