When I first picked up this title, I expected great things. I played the demo before at a game store, and I was blown away by the graphics, the presentation, everything. Fast-forward now several months to when I actually bought it. Being a strictly sega-sports head prior to buying the XBox (what else was there on Dreamcast?), I was immediately impressed by the host of options in player editing and roster management. However, my good feelings toward the title went south in a hurry when I started an exhibition. The reebok logos are a nice touch, as is that dope song from NFL films with the bells that the game plays at pregame, but even before kickoff I had serious problems with the game. No effort seems to be devoted to actual player faces, facemasks look highly bizarre, but the real graphical head-scratcher is the player models. The leaner players (in reality) look overweight, and the fat players look downright obese. Did the developers sit down with the express purpose of creating the most unrealistic-looking, ugly player models concievable? It gets worse, though. The audio leaves much to be desired, specifically the death of Ron Pitts. He is terrible, and Dick Stockton doesn't exactly make up for it, either. The same drumbeat plays in the stadium after literally every play, also. But the gameplay is somehow even worse than all of the above. On any difficulty level over rookie, CPU sacks occur far too frequently, but the running game isn't the answer, either, as the CPU d-line stops 50% of run plays behind the line... even on rookie setting. Oh yeah, franchise sucks, too, because trading is nigh impossible and you can't carry exhibition rosters into the franchise (though the NFL Films-style music is dope, if not a tad repetitive). And if I hear N.E.R.D.'s football-themed Rockstar one more time, I AM GOING TO KILL SOMEBODY, specifically whoever let this eyesore go on the market. So, for the love of Peyton Manning, don't buy this game . Buy Madden, or even NFL 2K3, but please don't let anyone else set foot on Fever's field again.