Twisted Metal:Black The 5th installment of Twisted Metal is out and its the first car combat game to grace the PS2! Does it stand up to the challenge? Hell yeah it does! The Car-combat genre took off in early 1997 with Twisted Metal 2 and new comer in early 98, Vigilante 8. Having already liking racing games,the car-combat genre was a added welcome to the likes of Need for Speed and others.Twisted Metal is the grandfather of the car-combat genre and has a stong following of loyal supporters.I never did like Twisted Metal cause I was already hooked on V8 and Rogue Trip.I did try TM once,but it was TM3! which was a horrible game and I vowed not to ever buy another TM game.Hearing of TMB a while ago and knowing the makers of the first 2 installments were going to be making it,I thought I give it a try....I mean hell,this game has been into development for 2 years! they gotta be doing something right. Gameplay Ever play a car-combat game with no slowdowns? Yeah I know....NEVER! TMB gives you blazing speed when in combat.Even when there are several cars in the screen at one time,TMB delivers real car combat.In 1 player mode you have 3 choices:story,challenge and endurance.Story mode puts you into the game with your selceted driver and you have to go through selected battlegrounds to unlock his or her story.In challenge mode you choose your driver and battleground then you choose your opponets,you can choose up to eight.I recommend choosing 1 enemy when first starting this game so you can get use to the controls Endurance mode is fighting a series of opponents with a single car.Here you can unlock levels but I wouldnt try this out first without getting use to the controls. The controls at default I didnt like so I changed them to control freak setting.Once you find a setting you like,the controls come real easy. In multi-player you have 2-4 player deathmatch,2p co-op and last man standing. 2-4 player deathmatch speaks for itself! no need to go into details with explaining it.Co-op is where you and a friend work as a team against other drivers.You share lives in this one, so work as a team and not as indivisuals. 2 Player:Last man standing is where to players compete until the end.The winner is the one who destroys all of his opponents vehicals. It took me a little while to get use to the driving engine.To me Smugglers Run was easier to get use to but once youve played TMB enough,its real easy to drive.Each character has its own intro movie and all the unlockable characters have movies as well.Each character has its own unique personallity...choose what ya like.All characters are from previous Twisted Metal installments so fans of this game will recognize the familar characters.I personally think Sweet Tooths intro movie is the best...this cat is one evil,sick and sinister mother beep I have ever seen! Graphics and Sound Some people who are use to colorful Final Fantasy type graphics may have something to say about Blacks graphics.Please understand this...TMB is a dark game.You wont see lush green grass or nice pretty colors.This game is meant to be dark,dark as in sad,misery and sinister.Once you get to play this a while youll notice little details and will realize that TMB has some of the best graphics on the PS2.I like the fact that TMB didnt really go with the usual themed battlergrounds like previous car-combat games...ie:Vigilante 8 with its snow,farm,desert,etc etc etc.It has one theme and thats what the black is.The levels are from small to massive and very well designed.Most objects like houses,fences,stores etc etc are destructable so dont be afraid to plow through things for a means of escape.Sound is great! anyone to give it less than a 9/10 is ignorant or just plain stupid,sorry no offence.If you watch the credits movie, Paint it Black by the Rolling Stones begins to play! The ingame music is comparable to Nine Inch Nails..suits the game extremely well while sound FX are also well done too. Overall Working for over 2 years on this game has paid off,the wait for all you Twisted Metal fans is finally over.This is far and above all other car combat games its not even funny.This will without a doubt raise the level for other developers! The bar is very high and the PS2 is less than a year old.Imagine what the future will hold? This game gets a 9.8 