If you're wondering about Toontown, IT IS THE BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED! (-: You can create your own toon,for example:dog,cat,mouse,rabbit,horse,and coming soon,bear!) There are toon elections,contests,and ect.There are lots of places you can visit,for example:a snowy place,a gardeny place,a nightime place,an ocean place,a racing place,and a normalish,centraly place. Did I mention RACE PLACE?The "RACE PLACE" is actually called "GOOFY -SPEEDWAY". It's a place where you can race against other toons and custonize your own carts. There are different kinds of carts:a crusier(which is sort-of like a "beetle".) a TUV(which is sort-of like a monster truck) and a roadster(which is sort-of like a really cool race car.) if you win the races you get tickets which you can use to buy stuff for your carts. In all the other places that I mentioned is where you would defeat cogs,play mini-games, go fishing,try on cool clothes(at the clothes store)and buy your own REALLY COOL pets.You can train the pets to do tricks too.(the pets are called doodles and there really cute)Cogs are evil robots that try to take over Toontown. They take over toon buildings and turn them into cog buildings and you and a bunch of other toons have to save them. Did I mention the VP and the CFO? The VP is the vice president of the cogs. you defeat factories to gain parts of a disciuse sp you can get past the cogs security system so you can recue the toon that they captured. It is pretty hard because you get caught and the VP sends it's high level cogs to defend it's self. I've only defeated the VP twice and it's hard. You maintain these things called laffpoints and when you lose them you have to earn them again by collecting treasures in the playgrounds.I have 64 laffpoints and I'm almost an advanced toon. The CFO just got made during the summer and only advanced toons can get past their system because they do special tasks to gain their cog disguise. The CFO is harder because you have to throw disabled "goons"(which are cogs that spy on other toons) at the CFO. You can throw safes but the CFO would use the safe as a helmet. You have to get the CFO to fall off a platform while it's hurt. (And believe me,it's probably very hard.) Toons get a better disguise when they defeat more VPs and CFOs. Toontown is a fun and safe game and I + everybody who knows whats right LIKE IT!:-) 