As a fan of computer golf games since they were first released, in my knowledge, in the mid '80s (remember Mean 18) I have sampled virtually every golf game past or present -at least for the PC (or 'gaming computer'). That being said my CURRENT golf game is still the five year old Links LS 2000. The graphics are STILL the most photorealistic of any golf game past or present, the physics are the best of any golf game past or present and it has the most perfect swing meter of any golf game I've sampled. I love the plethora of camera views you can place on top of the main window, the myriad of graphical, gameplay, and sound options, and I currently have well over 30 courses for this game. I play on average a round of golf a day (and have for five years) and NEVER tire of it. Newer installments of Links (Links 2001 and Links 2003) have significant advantages over Links LS 2000...but also significant disadvantages. All in all, I like Links LS 2000 SIGNIFICANTLY more than its sequels -Links 2001 and 2003. I've sampled every Tiger Woods installment that has come out and it definitely gives Links 2000 a run for its money and the last two installments of this series are the second best golf games I've come across in my opinion. Tiger Woods graphics are more 3D than Links, it has an awesome 'real-time' swing, the graphics are animated, and the fact that you can customize an avatar to appear exactly like you or any way you want to is awesome. On the downside Tiger Woods still feels and looks too much like an arcade game (even though the physics are pretty accurate)for my tastes whilst Links LS 2000 contrasts it with sheer realism and is the quintessential 'simulation' which is my cup of tea. If you want a pure die-hard simulation opt for Links LS 2000 but if you don't want the most die-hard simulation possible, rather instead enjoy aspects of the best of both worlds (arcade and simulation qualities combined with very handsome animated 3D graphics to boot) Tiger Woods 2004 or 2005 is for you.