Wow! After playing the original Baldur's Gate, I knew there would never be a better PC product. However, I was wrong. Now Baldur's Gate 2: Shadows of Amn is here, and it is not just more of the same thing. Aside from the earlier points about the original in my review as BalinChojin, there are several new, great additions. Since character creation is an important step I'll start there. Aside from all of the features from the original, you have three new D D3rdEd classes: monk, barbarian, and sorcerer. There is a new race, the half-orc. There is also an import character option. But don't be worried about not getting all of these great new character options if you are importing your character. There are some kits that are classes in and of themselves that you can choose to be upon importing your character! The story is much more immersive the original. You play a much more active role in the story, and it is not as boring as the original, where everyone regarded you the same. Now you have the female characters falling in love with you, and much richer conversations. The characters all have their own unique personalities, and conversations between party members depending on whether one party member is there or not. Great plot and dialog! The graphics are beautiful, especially on a 3d accelerator! Now you have 800x600 pixel resolutions, as opposed to 640x480. And there are unsupported modes as well. On my accelerator, I could go all the way up to 1024x768! The spell effects are all 3d, and are quite beautiful! They take up more space on the screen and have prettier effects than the original. The characters also have more frames. Besides just the ordinary action-ready stance, the characters stop and look all around there environment. You can even make them dance! So, what are my gripes? Not many. I love the voice acting, and the path-finding has been greatly enhanced, though still a bit frustrating. The game is about three times larger in area than the original. Well, that about sums it up. This is an excellent product, and a must-have for all RPG lovers! 