Wow! I love this game. Baldur's Gate 1 2 used to be my favorite games, but after playing this, its hard to go back. This game uses the excellent Bioware Infinity engine used in both of the aforementioned games and makes some immense improvements. This is not just a Baldur's Gate rip-off; it is its own unique game. Added in is floating text, which I think is major improvement. In Baldur's Gate, text messages were placed in a dialog box that took up half of the screen. Now messages (discounting dialog) are shown on the actual game screen in floating text. While the resolution hasn't been boosted any, the graphics are better. The characters seem to be a lot larger and a lot better animated. The environments have a lot more animation to them. The sound is excellent. Screeches of the undead echo throughout the mortuary, and hustle and bustle of people buzz throughout the city of Sigil. The music is beautiful, as well, changing pace and sound to match the mood of the locale. The interface has been revamped, and its a little hard to get used to, but it works. I was a little disappointed to see the character generation system -- at first. Unlike in Baldur's Gate, you don't choose your sex, class, race, appearance, alignment etc., you only allocate 21 stat points on a premade level three male fighter. But then I realized what was going on. As stated in the manual, the game itself is the character generator. Throughout your journey, your actions will reflect you alignment. You choose which class you want to be by talking to the right people. While you can't change your persona himself, that is alright, since he is central to the plot, and has a great personality anyway (well, depending on how you play him). Another new addition is factions; you will choose from a number of special groups who share the same interests and goals with you. This will be affected by and will affect your alignment. The whole game is sort of creepy. Planescape is like living in a nightmare world. However, its inhabitants are lively (some deadly, and some walking dead, actually) and some of them are humorous. The monsters are scary looking and incredibly animated. Another improved feature is the journal, which is now divided into sections. It keeps track of quests you've been assigned, quests you've completed, characters you've met, and beasts you've encountered, and just general days in the life of the Nameless One (your character's name... pretty clever huh? Actually he's an amnesiac and can't remember his name). Overall, this is one of the best games I've ever played, if not the best role playing game I've ver played. Its only downsides are that it is somewhat hard to get into and the alien culture of Sigil is kind of hard to get used to. It is a fun, deep, involving game. Buy this if you like Dungeon's and Dragons, but are board of the usual fantasy setting, if you are a Baldur's Gate fan, or if you are a role playing fan. This is probably not a good game to start out with if it is your first time playing. It is a very unique game, and you will probably never play another RPG quite like it. You'd get a false impression as to what to expect from RPGs. Thanks for reading this long review, and enjoy the game.