Whatever happened to my favorite Nintendo series, Zelda, dating back to the NES? Ocarina of Time was flat out the best nintendo 64 game ever! Ever! I really enjoyed playing it, even on Saturday night! Now lets look at Majora's Mask. First the good things. The animations in this game are more smoother than in Ocarina of Time. The idea of more people moving around makes it seem more real, and I noticed that the Ice Arrow actually has a use in this game, unlike OOT where it didn't. Now the bad: There is an annoying three day time period. It may seem cool at first, but if you don't finish something before the third day is up, you get frustrated having to do it again. For example, on the first day, I received the letter from Anju to Kafei, delivered it on the morning of the second day, went that afternoon to Kafei's hideout, and on the final day, I hurried to Ikana Village to sneak past Sakon the Thief. That all took an hour to do. But accidentally, Sakon saw me, and never opened up his hideout, therefore making me shut off the game and start all over. That agrivated me! The masks may seem cool to some people, but over half of them have one lousy purpose, just to get an insignificant heart piece. Furthermore there are just 4 dungeons, and each have 15 fairies. They are so easy, except for the fairies. The world of Termina is too simple. In OOT, Hyrule had multiple paths to each place and each were found scattered around the map. In MM, there are four places: east, west, north, and south. That tells you there is not much searching involved. Finally, most agitating for me was the fact that some of the heart pieces and side quests, were so hard, it is practically IMPOSSIBLE to complete them without some sort of tip book. For example, how would you know to take a picture of the Deku King for a heart container without any clues form around by? Also, how would you know that there would be somebody dancing in Termina Field at midnight on a large mushroom without any clues? Finally, this game is too proportional. As I said before, there is an east world, a west, a south, and a north world. Also, There is one kind of arrw in each of the four dungeons, and one item in each of the four worlds. It was so obvious when I played that I would find the Light Arrow in the Stone Tower Temple. You are not put in suspense, unlike Ocarina of Time, where you never would know what you'll find. Ocarina of Time was a lot better a game to me, so I do not want to put any of the people in charge of Zelda down for any reason, but I thought only people with great patience could enjoy this game. You make a mistake with time, you'll be reseting your Nintendo! 