First, let me say that I am a hardcore, obsessive, rabid THPS fan. The original got me hooked, and Pro Skater 2 was the greatest game ever for a non-next gen system. So this article may be a bit biased... Anyway, 2x is solid. Even the non-skater/THPS fan can appreciate the replay value and gameplay of this title. So for me, this is the Old Testament of the Tony Hawk canon. The complete first game, the complete second game, plus 5 2x-exclusive levels make it a must-own for the THPS fanatic. Everything that made the first 2 awesome makes this awesome, and the graphics are just a little sharper (though, disappointingly, not far removed from the Dreamcast version). And, to me, there was something a little magical about manualing out of the Gimme Gap at School I Miami as Eric Koston (since neither the manual nor Sparkles were in the first game), but maybe it was just me. Also, the load times are phenomenally short in this version, perhaps because of the XBox's hard drive. However, and maybe I'm spoiled by Pro Skater 3 and 4, but the inability to revert or edit the clothing of each pro before a session just seems archaic. The levels are decidedly small when compared with THPS 3, and for the hardcore fan who's beaten the entire first and second game, career mode should be a walk in the park (yawn). Also, what's up with having unlock which type of career you want to play with? Having beaten the originals hundreds of times, I was a little pissed that I couldn't go straight to the new levels. Ah yes, the new levels... SPOT is a dream to skate, and the construction site is ill, but club London and the subway station just feel like filler. Also, as opposed to the physics in THPS 3 (which is downright floaty in comparison to Tony 4), 2x feels like moon gravity. Ollies are too high, too long, and too long-lasting... but I guess that was a problem on the original, too. One more complaint: though the THPS 2 soundtrack is here intact, it would have been nothing short of amazing if they had included the original's soundtrack as well (nothing like Dead Kennedys to get you pumped to skate), but oh well. My final verdict: If you're completely enamored with the series, like I clearly am, this is a must-buy. If you're new to this and don't know what the fuss is about, get this and you'll know immediately. If you hate the series, then don't read this review, because nothing I say will change your mind. And, lastly, if you own a PS2, well HA HA I guess you'll just have to play the PS-X versions!