Well this will be quite a long rating, so if it looks cluttered it's not my fault, it's the fact that rate itall doesn't allow breaklines. br So getting down to the game itself. br The main purpose of this game was a finale to the playstation Final Fantasies on the advent to Playstation 2. If you look within the plot, it is quite obvious to anyone that has played ff's 1-8 that there are linked underlying themes. Such as the brother of your enemy plot in ff2/4j, the varying character likenesses and of course the most blatant of Zidane's lines, No cloud nor squall shall hinder us. This game was indeed the Final Fantasy Gamer's Treat. Nostalgia rang through the whole of the game and that was it's purpose. Graphics : 10 The Graphics were unparralelled in the fmv sequences by any other RPG for the playstation console. Although taking on a more bishounen kawaii look, it did not subtract from the game, it only added the feel of a new world of wonders. Storyline : 10 The storyline as i've mentioned before was a treat to the faithful players of Final Fantasy, ever since the dawn of the story based final fantasy there have been many great adventures, sojourns, and tales to be told. Final Fantasy 9 seems to be the bond that brings them together, combining the desolate sadness of the new age final fantasies with the rhythmic upbeat questing of the SNES final fantasies and more difficult than the average final fantasy which represents the NES Final Fantasies. Playability : 10 The Controls were very straight forwards, easy to navigate around the map, the learning curve is very quick i'd say about 10 minutes or so into the game you'd most likely have picked it up, less if you've played other ff games before. Battle System : 10 The Battle system combines the Materia system, junction system, specialized class abilities, and speed based attacking into one masterful battle system.The battle music gets a bit dull after a while but the game play does not. Replayability :9 Well, what's this game for? Nostalgia, what better way to experience nostalgia than playing it again :P Music: 9 It was good music, it wasn't the best that nobuo Uematsu is capable of, however this music was more of a background music than a leading driving emotional force. Perhaps this is a good thing perhaps not but it can not be denied that it was a high quality of music. Sub-quests: 10 Chocobos, Moogles, Dwarves, Side Bosses, the side-quests of this game could very well have been divided into a game in it's own entity. In conclusion, every part of this game resonates the fact that this game was for the faithful final fantasy gamer and to those who really played this game they can tell you the same. 