Ok this game I have been playing on and off for about 3 years. It has gone through a lot of changes, most of them for the better. They went from classic version which was 2-d to the new 3d and since they turned 3-d they have added so much to the game, new monsters, new weapons, skills,armour, and semi-rare fun items. In this game called clues where you get a clue drop from a monster, there are 3 types of clues, lvl 1,2 and 3 and the higher the clue the better the prize at the end. These clue consist of puzzles of all types as soon as you finish one clue it takes you to another and after a random number of these clues, you find the prize. It can be a bunch of runes or a piece of armour or anything, it is really fun.My son enjoys the castle wars and he is really good at it. they also have little awards when you get to certain point levels for that. You can just concentrate on growing certain skills like fishing,combat,crafting,mining, and much more or you can go up into the wild and fight other players. I have heard this is very addictive,but for a person on dial up who lags a lot it can be fatal, therefore I don't really get into that part of it much. I think the most addictive part of it is how interactive it is with other people from all over the world. They have free versions and then if you find you really like it they have member's which costs between 5 and 10 a month. Multiple payment options, so very easy to pay for it. The only thing I really don't like much about it and I really feel for the new characters is that a lot of the people in there can be quite brash. I remember a time when most of the people in this game were very friendly and helpful and while this on occasion still happens, there is so much scamming going on that people tend not to trust people and therefore don't like helping anymore. There are help pages out in the web but you need to be careful because they can put viruses on your pc, but Runescape themselves have improved the game so it's not really all that important to find random help over the internet. all in all this game is quite fun and once you get into it, very hard to stop playing. 