Unreal Tournament is one of the best action games I've ever played. It is probably one of the most fun games I've every played. It actually requires some thought and sometimes a little strategy, unlike many games in the same genre. However, there isn't really a plot to speak of (more of an excuse to plaster gibs to the wall). Instead, you are pitted against a bunch of really smart AI bots to duke it out with the resources provided. Most of the locales are really excellent looking (as they are fueled by the beautiful Unreal engine), and there are many types of events. There is regular deathmatch, in which its every man for himself. Then there is Capture-the-Flag which is like the game you played in grade school except with weapons. There's Domination, which is a team game where one team tries to dominate several points on the map for the longest amount of time. And finally there is Assault, which is a tactical game where one team defends a base and the other team attacks in a given time period. It sounds typical but its really not. There are several interesting areas and locales for this mode, like a castle you have to escape from, a frigate you have to take over, a speeding train and helicopter (my favorite), and even the invasion of Normandy. This mode really outshines the rest. Also every weapon in the game has two firing modes. Overall, this game is much better than its main competition, Quake III, as it is more sophisticated, has more events, better customizability, and better locales. Additionally, there is a practice mode in which you can select any type of UT mode you want, play any map, play with however many bots, with whatever skill level you want, and whatever mutators you want. Mutators add a great deal to the game. They are simple modifications that you can add to the match for a little extra spice, like exploding ammunition, inflating heads, instantly killing rockets, and so on. These add an incomparable ammount of customizability. I give UT a five out of five.