much has changed in this game from it's first chapter. the storyline is great, much more interesting then the previous one and the movies became much better in the sence of content and lenght and preformance. but the really cool part is the maps. there are much more cool gimmics then in the first game such as hunted wrecked ships, after hearing the servents complain about stuff dissapearing you find out the attic is hunted by two murdered servants, whose bodies you can find hidden, as well as the letters those two lovers hide for eachother, just a small exemple, and the areas are just fascinating, they're much more characteristic, and you feel like you're involved in the game world. by characteristic i mean that they are done to the smalles detail. they are more realistic for exemple, in the docks you can be sure you could enter docking ships, offices and cargo hangars, in which you can be sure you'll find everything that should be there. some of the areas are just huge, imagine the mines with the orcs from the lord of the rings movie, it's the same magnitude of work. there's just one problem, it's much easier then the first. it's baisicly a good thing in a way cus you are free to explore without too much problems with the guards, but after all you don't need to hide in shadows too much. in the first game there were creatures you could be sure you don't want to f**k with because you'll die such as zombies who die only from fire or holy water arrows, which you'll probebly want to keep, or the skeletons that will surely kill you in a sword fight, and they were usually in groups. here however there are only few creatures you'd rather to avoid, and you usually encounter one guard per hearing range or room, so you can just kill him without any problem and no one will notice. but the missions themselves definetly push it into the background, you will robe a bank, investigate a murder area, kidnapp people, there are also some sequel missions that start exectly where the previous one ended, which add an adventure kind of atmosphere to the game cus you don't have time to visit the shop, you must use what you got from the first mission in the sequel and deal with the unknown. one of my fav. games.