The Gabriel Knight series is one of the most revered and respected names in the adventure game genre, and with good reason. They are immensely well researched, all have excellent plots and believable characters, and feature real human emotions in a believable setting... with a HUGE dose of the supernatural. The third game is no exception, but while the first game was an SCI icon based point-and-click adventure, and the second game was an FMV game, the third is an entirely 3d rendered world. And I must say, even though it's a couple years old now, it is still excellent looking. The plot hasn't suffered any either. The game features the usual type of cast in a GK game and is still playable between Gabriel and his assistant Grace. However, a large departure from the series (and I think a very enjoyable one) is its freeform style. While previous titles had a tight path that you had to follow, this game allows you to come up with your own methods and such for solving the mystery. You will have a fully functioning computer (with an encyclopedia, email function, and customizable suspect list), a tape recorder, a finger print kit, and many other things that will help you in your case, and there isn't really a set path. Events happen whether you are there to witness them or not, and the game takes place in a sequence of time blocks instead of days, in which every hour of the case is accounted for. The plot is of course the typical Jane Jensen magic... it is EXCELLENT. I have to say I like the other games' plots better, but that is just because I don't care as much for the subject matter, not because it isn't as meticulously worked out. It involves a kidnapped baby prince, various Christian orders, the Holy Grail, vampires, the descendants of Christ (huh?) and a host of other enigmas all tightly knit together in typical Jane Jensen fashion. My only gripes about this game are the sometimes shoddy voice acting. You should never hire a British guy who once played a transvetite to do the voiceover of a manly southern guy, even if he is a series familiar. Also, some of the character models look really funny and distorted... not quite right. And the lighting. There isn't as much atmosphere in this game as the previous two because the whole game is so light. Also, another thing I enjoyed about the first two games was there excellent, prominent music. In GK3 the music is unfortunately few and far between, and when it there is music, it sometimes isn't very appropriate sounding or as good as the previous two games. Overall, however, this is an excellent game that I would recommend to all adventure game and mystery fans. 